Moussaka Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 8 servingsEggplant and Lamb8 garlic cloves, finely grated, divided½ cup plus 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil2 tablespoons chopped mint, divided2 tablespoons chopped oregano, divided3 medium eggplants (about 3½ pounds total), sliced crosswise into ½-inch-thick rounds2½ teaspoons kosher salt, plus more½ teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus more2 pounds ground lamb2 medium onions, chopped1 3-inch cinnamon stick2 Fresno chiles, finely chopped1 tablespoon paprika1 tablespoon tomato paste¾ cup dry white wine1 28-ounce can whole peeled tomatoesBéchamel and Assembly6 tablespoons unsalted butter½ cup all-purpose flour2½ cups whole milk, warmed¾ teaspoon kosher salt4 ounces farmer cheese, crumbled (about 1 cup)2 ounces Pecorino or Parmesan, finely grated (about 1¾ cups), divided3 large egg yolks, beaten to blend|  Preparation Eggplant and LambPlace a rack in middle of oven; preheat to 475°. Whisk half of the garlic, ½ cup oil, 1 Tbsp mint, and 1 Tbsp oregano in a small bowl. Brush both sides of eggplant rounds with herb oil, making sure to get all the herbs and garlic onto eggplant; season with salt and pepper. Transfer eggplant to a rimmed baking sheet (it’s okay to pile the rounds on top of each other) and roast until tender and browned, 35–45 minutes. Reduce oven temperature to 400°.Meanwhile, heat remaining 2 Tbsp oil in a large wide pot over high. Cook lamb, breaking up with a spoon, until browned on all sides and cooked through and liquid from meat is evaporated (there will be a lot of rendered fat), 12–16 minutes. Strain fat through a fine-mesh sieve into a clean small bowl and transfer lamb to a medium bowl. Reserve 3 Tbsp lamb fat; discard remaining fat.Heat 2 Tbsp lamb fat in same pot over medium-high (reserve remaining 1 Tbsp lamb fat for assembling the moussaka). Add onion, cinnamon, 2½ tsp salt, and ½ tsp pepper and cook, stirring occasionally, until onion is tender and translucent, 8–10 minutes. Add chiles and remaining garlic and cook, scraping up any browned bits from the bottom of the pot, until onion is golden brown, about 5 minutes. Add paprika and tomato paste and cook until brick red in color, about 1 minute. Add wine and cook, stirring occasionally, until slightly reduced and no longer smells of alcohol, about 3 minutes. Add tomatoes and break up with a wooden spoon into small pieces (the seeds will shoot out at you if you’re too aggressive, so start slowly—puncture the tomato, then get your smash and break on!). Add lamb and remaining 1 Tbsp mint and 1 Tbsp oregano and cook, stirring occasionally, until most of the liquid is evaporated and mixture looks like a thick meat sauce, 5–7 minutes. Pluck out and discard cinnamon stick.Béchamel and AssemblyHeat butter in a medium saucepan over medium until foaming. Add flour and cook, whisking constantly, until combined, about 1 minute. Whisk in warm milk and bring sauce to a boil. Cook béchamel, whisking often, until very thick (it should have the consistency of pudding), about 5 minutes; stir in salt. Remove from heat and whisk in farmer cheese and half of the Pecorino. Let sit 10 minutes for cheese to melt, then add egg yolks and vigorously whisk until combined and béchamel is golden yellow.Brush a 13x9" baking pan with remaining 1 Tbsp lamb fat. Layer half of eggplant in pan, covering the bottom entirely. Spread half of lamb mixture over eggplant in an even layer. Repeat with remaining eggplant and lamb to make another layer of each. Top with béchamel and smooth surface; sprinkle with remaining Pecorino.Bake moussaka until bubbling vigorously and béchamel is browned in spots, 30–45 minutes. Let cool 30 minutes before serving.Do Ahead: Moussaka can be baked 1 day ahead. Let cool, then cover and chill, or freeze up to 3 months. Thaw before reheating in a 250° oven until warmed through, about 1 hour. "\t"Cassoulet Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 12 servingsDuck Confit6 duck legs6 tablespoons Diamond Crystal or 3 tablespoons plus 2½ teaspoons Morton kosher salt4 sprigs thyme4 garlic cloves, smashed2 teaspoons black peppercorns1 teaspoon juniper berries (optional)Beans2 whole cloves1 large onion, peeled, halved through root end1½ pounds dried Tarbais, corona, or cannellini beans, soaked overnight, drained8 ounces pancetta, in one thick piece2 carrots, scrubbed, halved crosswise1 head of garlic, halved crosswise4 sprigs thyme1 bay leafKosher salt, freshly ground pepperPork Ragù1½ pounds skinless, boneless pork shoulder, cut into 1-inch pieces1½ teaspoons Diamond Crystal or 1 teaspoon Morton kosher salt, plus moreFreshly ground black pepper2 tablespoons vegetable oil1 large onion, peeled, chopped1 large carrot, peeled, chopped4 garlic cloves, finely chopped4 sprigs thyme1 bay leaf1 14.5-ounce can crushed tomatoes6 cups chicken stock or low-sodium chicken brothAssemblyKosher salt, freshly ground pepper1 pound fresh pork sausage, such as Toulouse, sweet Italian, or unsmoked kielbasa3 cups medium-fine fresh breadcrumbs, divided¼ cup finely chopped parsley1 garlic clove, halved1 pound precooked garlic sausage, sliced crosswise ¼ inch thick (optional)|  Preparation Duck ConfitCure Legs (At Least 2 Days Ahead)Prick skin of duck legs all over with the tip of a paring knife. Rub legs all over with salt, making sure to massage into flesh and skin.Place legs in a large bowl and cover with plastic wrap, pressing directly onto legs. Rest a plate on top of legs and weight with several 28-oz. cans. Chill at least 12 hours and up to 24 hours.Note: If you are going to cook the ragù and beans and assemble the cassoulet tomorrow, soak the beans tonight.Confit Legs (At Least 1 Day Ahead)Preheat oven to 250°. Evenly scatter thyme, garlic, peppercorns, and juniper berries (if using) across a roasting pan and add 2 Tbsp water.Unpack duck legs and remove from bowl. Rinse off salt and arrange skin side down over aromatics in roasting pan. Cover pan tightly with foil and weight legs with a cast-iron skillet or a heavy baking dish. Cook until fat cooks out of duck and legs are submerged, about 2 hours.Remove from oven and remove skillet and foil. Turn legs skin side up and nestle back into fat. Recover pan with foil and continue to cook legs, unweighted, until duck meat is very tender and bones wiggle easily in joints, 2–2½ hours longer.Let legs cool in fat until you can handle them, then transfer with tongs or a spider to a plate; set aside. Strain ¼ cup fat through a fine-mesh sieve into a small bowl and set aside; strain and reserve remaining fat for another use. Remove skin from duck legs, trying to keep whole pieces intact if possible; transfer skin to a small bowl or other container. Cover and chill. Pull duck meat from bones, breaking into 2" pieces; discard bones and cartilage. Place meat in a medium bowl or other container; cover and chill. You won’t need the skin or meat until you’re ready to assemble the cassoulet.Do Ahead: Duck legs can be confited 3 weeks ahead. Transfer legs to a large nonreactive vessel. Strain fat through a fine-mesh sieve over meat. Cover and chill. Let come to room temperature before using. Meat and skin can be prepared 3 days ahead; keep chilled.BeansCook Beans (At Least 1 Day Ahead)Stick a clove into each onion half. Place in a large pot along with beans, pancetta, carrots, garlic, thyme, and bay leaf; pour in cold water to cover beans by 2". Season with several grinds of pepper and bring to a gentle simmer. Partially cover and cook, skimming occasionally and adding more water as needed to keep beans submerged and seasoning with a couple of pinches of salt after about 30 minutes, until beans are tender but still intact, 45–60 minutes for cannellini and 1–1½ hours for Tarbais and corona. Remove from heat; pluck out and discard onion, carrots, garlic, thyme, and bay leaf. Remove pancetta; let cool slightly, then cut into 1x¼" strips. Add back to pot and let cool.Pork RagùCook Ragù (At Least 1 Day Ahead)Meanwhile, sprinkle pork shoulder with 1½ tsp Diamond Crystal or 1 tsp Morton kosher salt and several grinds of pepper. Heat oil in a large Dutch oven over medium-high. Working in 2 batches, cook pork, turning once, until browned all over, 10–12 minutes per batch; transfer to a plate as you go.Reduce heat to medium and place onion, carrot, and garlic in same skillet; season with salt and pepper. Cook, stirring occasionally, until lightly browned, 8–10 minutes. Return pork shoulder back to pot and add thyme, bay leaf, tomatoes, and stock. Bring to a boil. Reduce heat, partially cover pot, and simmer gently, skimming fat occasionally, until meat is fork-tender, 1¾–2 hours. Pluck out and discard thyme and bay leaf. Let ragù cool slightly.Combine Beans and Ragù (At Least 1 Day Ahead)Using a slotted spoon, transfer bean mixture to pot with ragù. Add cooking liquid from beans to cover; reserve remaining bean cooking liquid. Let ragù mixture cool completely; cover and chill at least 12 hours.Do Ahead: Ragù and beans can be combined 2 days ahead. Keep chilled.AssemblyTemper and Season Ragù MixtureRemove ragù mixture from refrigerator and skim fat from surface; discard. Cover and bring to a gentle simmer over medium-low heat. Taste and season conservatively with salt and pepper if needed (the duck will add considerable saltiness when mixed in).Prepare Sausage and BreadcrumbsRemove reserved duck meat and skin from refrigerator and let meat sit until room temperature.Arrange skin in a single layer in an 8-qt. Dutch oven or other heavy pot (the same one you’ll cook the cassoulet in). Cook over low heat, turning occasionally, until golden brown and crisp, 20–30 minutes. Transfer to paper towels and blot away excess oil; set aside.Prick pork sausages all over and cook in same pot, turning occasionally, until browned all over and cooked through, 12–15 minutes. Transfer to a plate and let cool slightly. Cut sausages into 2" pieces and set aside.Add breadcrumbs to pot and cook, stirring often, until golden in spots and starting to crisp, about 5 minutes. If breadcrumbs seem very dry or are sticking, add 1–2 Tbsp reserved duck fat. Transfer breadcrumbs to a large bowl and let cool slightly. Toss with parsley and set aside. Wipe out pot and let cool.Layer CassouletRub inside of Dutch oven with cut sides of garlic; ladle in one-third of ragù mixture. Top with half of pork sausage, garlic sausage, and duck meat, then another third of ragù mixture. Top with remaining duck meat and sausages, then remaining ragù mixture. Liquid should come to top of beans. Add reserved bean cooking liquid if needed.Do Ahead: Cassoulet can be assembled 1 day ahead; cover and chill. Bring to room temperature before proceeding. Store breadcrumbs and duck skin separately, airtight at room temperature.Bake CassouletPreheat oven to 375°. Scatter two-thirds of breadcrumb mixture over cassoulet. Bake, uncovered, until a golden crust forms, 25–30 minutes. Remove from oven and use a spoon to break up crust, pressing very gently so crust absorbs a little liquid; smooth surface. Bake until another crust forms, 25–30 minutes; break up again. Repeat process 2 more times (for a total of 4 times). If mixture starts to look dry, moisten with a bit of reserved bean cooking liquid when breaking up the crust.Top cassoulet with remaining breadcrumb mixture; bake until golden brown, 15–20 minutes. Let cassoulet rest at least25 minutes before serving.Divide cassoulet among bowls and crumble crispy duck skin over top. "\t"Crepe Cake with Whipped Cream Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 16 servingsCustard4½ cups whole milk2½ cups heavy cream5 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into piecesZest of 1 medium orange¾ teaspoon ground cardamom¼ teaspoon kosher salt1 vanilla bean, split lengthwise10 large egg yolks1 cup granulated sugar¼ cup cornstarchCrepes and Assembly4 large eggs, room temperature4 cups whole milk⅔ cup granulated sugar1 teaspoon vanilla extract2⅓ cups all-purpose flour½ teaspoon kosher salt, plus more4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, divided1½ cups heavy whipping cream3 tablespoons powdered sugar2 teaspoons orange sanding sugar (optional)|  Preparation CustardCombine milk, cream, butter, orange zest, cardamom, and salt in a large saucepan. Scrape in seeds from vanilla bean and add pod. Bring to a simmer over medium heat, stirring occasionally, and cook until butter is melted and mixture is warm.Meanwhile, whisk egg yolks and granulated sugar in a medium bowl until light and very pale, about 3 minutes. Add cornstarch and whisk until no dry spots remain. Whisking constantly, gradually add warm milk mixture. Pour mixture back into saucepan and cook over medium-high heat, whisking constantly, until custard is thick and pudding-like in consistency and just beginning to boil, 5–7 minutes.Strain custard through a fine-mesh sieve into a clean medium bowl, using a heatproof rubber spatula to help press it through; discard solids. Cover with plastic wrap, pressing directly onto surface, and chill until cold, at least 2 hours.Do Ahead: Custard can be made 2 days ahead. Keep chilled.Crepes and AssemblyBlend eggs, milk, granulated sugar, and vanilla in a blender until smooth and frothy. Add flour and ½ tsp salt and blend just to combine. Transfer to a large measuring cup, cover, and chill at least 1 hour.Heat a large nonstick skillet over medium, then brush lightly with some butter. Whisk batter to reincorporate and ladle ¼-cupful into skillet. Working quickly, swirl pan to evenly coat and cook crepe, reducing heat if browning too quickly, until bubbles form on surface and edges are light golden, about 2 minutes. Slide a spatula underneath to loosen and carefully flip. Cook on other side until a few brown spots appear, 15–30 seconds; transfer to a flat plate. Repeat with remaining butter and batter, stacking crepes on plate as you go (you should have 25 total). Let crepes cool.Place 1 crepe in the center of a flat plate or cake platter. Dollop a scant ⅓ cup custard over. Using a small offset spatula, carefully spread custard across entire surface of crepe. Repeat process with remaining custard and all but 1 crepe. Place remaining crepe on top, then lightly cover cake with plastic. Chill 2 hours.Using an electric mixer on medium-high speed, beat cream, powdered sugar, and a pinch of salt in a medium bowl until medium peaks form. Pile whipped cream on top of crepe cake, making decorative swooshes with a spoon. Sprinkle with sanding sugar, if desired.Do Ahead: Batter can be made 2 days ahead; keep chilled. Crepes can be cooked 1 day ahead; cover and chill. Cake (without whipped cream and sanding sugar) can be assembled 1 day ahead; keep chilled. Top with whipped cream and sanding sugar, if using, just before serving. "\t"Cast-Iron Roast Chicken with Crispy Potatoes Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 servings1 3½–4-pound whole chickenKosher salt1½ pounds russet potatoes, scrubbed, thinly sliced crosswise2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted1 tablespoon thyme leaves2 tablespoons olive oil, dividedFreshly ground black pepper|  Preparation Pat chicken dry with paper towels and season generously with salt, inside and out. (We use 1 tsp Diamond Crystal or ½ tsp Morton kosher salt per lb.) Tie legs together with kitchen twine. Let sit 1 hour to allow salt to penetrate, or chill, uncovered, up to 1 day ahead.Place a rack in upper third of oven and set a 12" cast-iron skillet or 3-qt. enameled cast-iron baking dish on rack. Preheat oven to 425°.Meanwhile, toss potatoes, butter, thyme, and 1 Tbsp oil in a large bowl to coat; season with salt and pepper.Once oven reaches temperature, pat chicken dry with paper towels and lightly coat with half of remaining oil; sprinkle with dry rub, if using. Drizzle remaining oil into hot skillet (this helps keep the chicken from sticking and tearing the skin). Place chicken in the center of skillet and arrange potatoes around. Roast until potatoes are golden brown and crisp and an instant-read thermometer inserted into the thickest part of breasts registers 155°, 50–60 minutes (temperature will climb to 165° as chicken rests). Let chicken rest in skillet at least 20 minutes and up to 45 minutes.Transfer chicken to a cutting board and carve. Serve with potatoes. "\t"Cast-Iron Roast Chicken with Winter Squash, Red Onions, and Pancetta Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 servings1 3½–4-pound whole chickenKosher salt2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted2 red onions, cut into wedges through root end2 pound winter squash (such as delicata), cut into 1½-inch-thick wedges or rounds1½ ounces pancetta, chopped into ¼-inch pieces3 tablespoons olive oil, dividedFreshly ground black pepper|  Preparation Pat chicken dry with paper towels and season generously with salt, inside and out. (We use 1 tsp Diamond Crystal or ½ tsp Morton kosher salt per lb.) Tie legs together with kitchen twine. Let sit 1 hour to allow salt to penetrate, or chill, uncovered, up to 1 day ahead.Place a rack in upper third of oven and set a 12" cast-iron skillet or 3-qt. enameled cast-iron baking dish on rack. Preheat oven to 425°.Meanwhile, toss onions, squash, pancetta, and 2 Tbsp oil in a large bowl to coat; season with salt and pepper.Once oven reaches temperature, pat chicken dry with paper towels and lightly coat with half of remaining oil; sprinkle with dry rub, if using. Drizzle remaining oil into hot skillet (this helps keep the chicken from sticking and tearing the skin). Place chicken in the center of skillet and arrange squash mixture around. Roast until vegetables are golden brown and tender and an instant-read thermometer inserted into the thickest part of breasts registers 155°, 50–60 minutes (temperature will climb to 165° as chicken rests). Let chicken rest in skillet at least 20 minutes and up to 45 minutes.Transfer chicken to a cutting board and carve. Serve with vegetables. "\t"Cast-Iron Roast Chicken Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 servings1 3½–4-pound whole chickenKosher salt1 tablespoon olive oil|  Preparation Pat chicken dry with paper towels and season generously with salt, inside and out. (We use 1 tsp Diamond Crystal or ½ tsp Morton kosher salt per lb.) Tie legs together with kitchen twine. Let sit 1 hour to allow salt to penetrate, or chill, uncovered, up to 1 day ahead.Place a rack in upper third of oven and set a 12" cast-iron skillet or 3-qt. enameled cast-iron baking dish on rack. Preheat oven to 425°. Once oven reaches temperature, pat chicken dry with paper towels and lightly coat with half of the oil. Drizzle remaining oil into hot skillet (this helps keep the chicken from sticking and tearing the skin). Place chicken in skillet and roast until an instant-read thermometer inserted into the thickest part of breasts registers 155°, 50–60 minutes (temperature will climb to 165° as chicken rests). Let chicken rest in skillet at least 20 minutes and up to 45 minutes.Transfer chicken to a cutting board and carve legs off, followed by breasts. "\t"Applesauce Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes about 4 cups4 pounds any combination of apples (about 8 large), rinsed, halved or quartered1 3-inch cinnamon stick2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice1 vanilla bean, split lengthwise, or 1 teaspoon vanilla extractSpecial EquipmentA food mill|  Preparation Combine apples, cinnamon stick, lemon juice, salt, and ¼ cup water in a large Dutch oven or other heavy pot. Scrape in seeds from vanilla bean and add pod. Cover pot and cook over medium-low heat, occasionally stirring with a wooden spoon and checking to make sure apples are not scorching (add a splash of water if they are), until apples are soft and falling apart, 35–45 minutes. Uncover pot and let apples cool slightly.Working in batches, pass apples through food mill fitted with a medium disk into a large bowl; discard solids. If sauce is watery, return to pot and simmer over medium heat until thickened.Do Ahead: Applesauce can be made 4 days ahead. Let cool; cover and chill. "\t"Pork Tenderloin with Golden Beets Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 servings ¼ cup walnuts3 tablespoons plus ½ cup olive oil1½ pounds pork tenderloin2 medium onions, coarsely chopped3 medium golden beets, scrubbed, cut into bite-size pieces4 garlic cloves, chopped2 cups sauerkraut, plus ½ cup brine1 cup low-sodium chicken broth½ cup dry white wine4 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, divided½ cup finely chopped mint½ cup finely chopped parsley¼ cup finely chopped dried tart apricots|  Preparation Preheat oven to 350°. Toast walnuts on a rimmed baking sheet, tossing once, until golden brown, 7–10 minutes. Let cool, then chop.Heat 3 Tbsp oil in a large skillet over medium-high. Season pork loin (look for one with a nice dark color and some fat on it) with salt and cook until browned on all sides, 10–15 minutes. Transfer pork to a platter.Add onions and beets to same skillet and cook, stirring often, until onions are slightly translucent and browned, 10–12 minutes; season with salt and pepper. Add garlic, sauerkraut, brine, broth, wine, and 2 Tbsp lemon juice and bring to a simmer. Cover skillet, reduce heat to low, and cook until beets are fork-tender, 25–30 minutes.Return pork to skillet and push down into liquid. Turn heat up to medium and simmer, uncovered, turning meat occasionally until an instant-read thermometer inserted into the thickest part of loin registers 150°, 20–30 minutes. Transfer pork to a cutting board and let rest 5 minutes before slicing.Meanwhile, mix walnuts, mint, parsley, apricots, remaining 2 Tbsp lemon juice, and remaining ½ cup oil in a small bowl; season with salt and pepper.Spoon beet mixture onto plates and arrange sliced pork on top. Spoon a generous amount of walnut sauce over. "\t"Short Rib Stir-Fry Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 servings 3 tablespoons toasted sesame oil1 pound boneless beef short ribs, thinly sliced against the grain2 small onions, thinly sliced8 ounces shiitake mushrooms, stems removed, caps thinly sliced1 bunch scallions, cut into 1-inch pieces1 2-inch piece ginger, peeled, finely grated4 garlic cloves, finely grated¼ cup sambal oelek1 tablespoon mirin6 medium radishes, trimmed, quartered6 ounces snow peas1 cup low-sodium chicken broth1 cup torn basil leaves|  Preparation Heat oil in a wok or large cast-iron skillet over high. Season beef with salt and pepper and cook, tossing and stirring often, until deeply browned, 8–10 minutes. At first meat might seem wet but it will eventually take on color and look shiny. Add onions and mushrooms and cook, tossing around, until they soften and start to take on a little color, 6–8 minutes. Add scallions, ginger, and garlic and cook, tossing constantly, until slightly wilted, about 2 minutes. Add sambal oelek and mirin and cook, tossing to coat, about 1 minute. Add radishes, snow peas, and broth and bring to a boil. Cook until liquid is reduced by half and meat and vegetables are glossy and saucy, about 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Serve stir-fry over rice topped with basil. "\t"Spaghetti and Meatballs Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 servingsTomato Sauce¼ cup olive oil6 garlic cloves, thinly sliced2 sprigs basil2 28-ounce cans whole peeled tomatoesMeatballs and Assembly3 thick slices white sandwich bread, crusts removed2 large eggs, beaten to blend2 garlic cloves, finely chopped⅓ cup fresh whole-milk ricotta¼ cup finely chopped prosciutto¼ cup finely chopped parsley⅓ cup grated Parmesan, plus more¾ teaspoon fennel seeds¾ teaspoon dried oregano½ teaspoon ground nutmeg½ teaspoon finely ground black pepper¼ teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes1¼ teaspoons kosher salt, plus more1 pound ground beef chuck, preferably 20% fat2 tablespoons olive oil, plus more12 ounces spaghettiSpecial EquipmentA spice mill or mortar and pestle|  Preparation Tomato SauceHeat oil in a large heavy pot over medium-low. Cook garlic, stirring occasionally, until a few pieces are golden brown around the edges, about 5 minutes. Add basil sprigs and stir to wilt. Add tomatoes, crushing with your hands as you go, and their juices; season with salt and pepper. Increase heat to medium-high; bring mixture to a simmer, then reduce heat to maintain a very gentle simmer. Cook, stirring occasionally, until sauce is thickened and flavors have concentrated, 60–75 minutes.Do Ahead: Sauce can be made 3 days ahead. Let cool; cover and chill.Meatballs and AssemblyRun bread under cold running water until completely soaked. Firmly wring out to expel as much water as possible. Finely chop, then mix in a large bowl with eggs, garlic, ricotta, prosciutto, parsley, and ⅓ cup Parmesan.Finely grind fennel seeds in spice mill or with mortar and pestle; add to bread mixture along with oregano, nutmeg, black pepper, red pepper flakes, and 1¼ tsp salt. Mix well (it should resemble a coarse, wet paste). Add beef and break up into small pieces (a couple of forks work well). Mix gently with your hands until smooth and ingredients are evenly incorporated; be careful not to overmix.Lightly oil your hands. Working one at a time, scoop out portions of meat mixture with a ¼-cup measuring cup; roll gently between your hands into balls. Arrange on a rimmed baking sheet.This is the point where you should get the sauce reheating, if needed, so it’s warm by the time you add the meatballs.Heat 1 Tbsp oil in a medium nonstick skillet over medium. Add half of the meatballs and cook, turning and rolling occasionally, until browned on all sides, about 5 minutes total. Add meatballs to warm sauce. Repeat with remaining 1 Tbsp oil and remaining meatballs.Cook meatballs in sauce (they should be mostly submerged) at a gentle simmer, carefully scraping bottom of pot and adding a splash of water if sauce begins to stick, until meatballs are cooked through and tender and sauce tastes rich and meaty, 40–50 minutes.Transfer meatballs to a clean baking sheet; cover with foil to keep warm. Pluck out and discard basil from sauce. Use a potato masher or immersion blender to break up any large pieces of tomato and smooth out sauce. Transfer 2 cups sauce to a small bowl; set aside for serving.Cook spaghetti in a large pot of boiling salted water, stirring occasionally, until al dente. Using tongs, transfer to pot with sauce. Gently stir, adding pasta cooking liquid by the tablespoonful as needed, until sauce coats pasta. Transfer spaghetti to a serving dish and top with meatballs and 1 cup reserved sauce. Sprinkle with more Parmesan and serve with some basil (if using) and remaining sauce alongside for topping.Do Ahead: Meatballs can be formed 1 day ahead; cover and chill. Meatballs can be cooked in sauce 3 days ahead; let cool, then cover and chill. "\t"Curried Chicken Drumsticks Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 servings 3 tablespoons ghee or virgin coconut oil8 chicken drumsticks2 large onions, chopped4 garlic cloves, thinly sliced1 lemongrass stalk, crushed (optional)3 tablespoons vadouvan or any yellow curry powder¼ teaspoon cayenne pepper2 cups low-sodium chicken broth1 13.5-ounce can unsweetened coconut milk1 cup cilantro leaves with tender stems, divided1 14-ounce package rice noodles|  Preparation Heat ghee in a large skillet, preferably cast iron, over medium-high. Season chicken with salt and pepper and cook, turning occasionally, until skin is golden brown and crisp, 8–10 minutes. Transfer to a plate (it will not be cooked through).Add onions to same skillet and cook, stirring occasionally, until softened and golden, 6–8 minutes. Add garlic, lemongrass (if using), vadouvan, and cayenne and cook, stirring often, until fragrant, about 2 minutes. Add broth, coconut milk, lime juice, and ½ cup cilantro, then return chicken to skillet and gently push down into liquid. Bring to a boil, then reduce heat and simmer, uncovered, until chicken is tender and cooked through and sauce is thickened, 40–45 minutes. Be sure to turn chicken a couple of times while it’s cooking so all sides get exposed to the curry sauce.Just before chicken is done, cook noodles according to package directions. Rinse noodles under warm water, then toss in a large bowl with a little bit of the curry sauce. This will help to prevent them from sticking.Divide noodles among shallow bowls. Place drumsticks on top and ladle curry sauce over. Top with crispy shallots and remaining ½ cup cilantro. Serve with lime wedges for squeezing over. "\t"Fermented Hot Sauce Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes about 2¾ cups2 garlic cloves1 pound fresh red chiles (such as cayenne, Fresno, or Holland), coarsely chopped3 tablespoons kosher salt3 tablespoons sugar1 cup olive oil3 tablespoons achiote (annatto) seeds2 teaspoons smoked paprika¾ cup distilled white vinegarSpecial EquipmentA 1-pint glass jar; a layer of cheeseclothIngredient InfoAchiote seeds can be found in specialty stores, in the spice section of some supermarkets, and online.|  Preparation Pulse garlic in a food processor until finely chopped. Add chiles, salt, and sugar and pulse until chile pieces are no bigger than ½". Transfer mixture to jar and press down so chiles are slightly submerged in their own liquid. Cover with cheesecloth and fasten with kitchen twine or a rubber band. Let sit in a cool place away from direct sunlight at least 2 days and up to 5 days. The liquid will develop a slightly sour smell and there should be small bubbles scattered throughout. The longer you let it ferment, the more active it will become, but don’t go longer than 5 days.Heat oil, achiote seeds, and paprika in a small saucepan over medium-high. As soon as small bubbles appear around the edges of the pan (2–3 minutes), let cook another 30 seconds; let cool. Strain oil through a fine-mesh sieve into a heatproof bowl; discard solids.Blend achiote oil, vinegar, and two-thirds of chile mixture in a blender until smooth. Transfer to an airtight container and stir in remaining chile mixture.Do Ahead: Hot sauce can be made 2 weeks ahead; cover and chill. "\t"Fennel-Rubbed Leg of Lamb with Salsa Verde Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 8 servings Lamb1 4–5-pound butterflied boneless leg of lamb, rolled, tied3 tablespoons fennel seeds4 teaspoons crushed red pepper flakes4 garlic cloves, finely grated3 tablespoons plus ¼ cup olive oil2½ pounds small or medium carrots with topsSalsa Verde and Assembly½ cup finely chopped parsley¼ cup finely chopped chives2 tablespoons (or more) fresh lemon juice2 tablespoons olive oilSpecial EquipmentA spice mill or mortar and pestle|  Preparation LambSeason lamb generously with salt and pepper; let it sit out at room temperature while you prepare the rub.Using spice mill or mortar and pestle, coarsely grind fennel seeds and red pepper flakes. Transfer to a small bowl and mix in garlic and 3 Tbsp oil. Evenly rub lamb all over with spice mixture, making sure to work it into every nook and cranny.Preheat oven to 300°. Heat remaining ¼ cup oil in a large heavy skillet over medium. As soon as oil is hot and shimmering, add lamb to skillet and cook, carefully pouring off fat as needed into a small bowl (reserve it), until golden brown all over, 3–5 minutes per side. The goal here is to cook out some of the excess fat while you brown the meat, so it’s important to maintain a moderate heat to keep the meat from getting dark before the fat can melt out. If the oil looks really dark or tastes burned, discard it and use olive oil in the next step.Trim tops from carrots and set aside for making the salsa verde. Scrub carrots, pat dry, and scatter along the outer edges of a large rimmed baking sheet. Place seared lamb in the center. Pour reserved fat and any fat still in skillet (don’t forget to scrape out the crispy bits stuck to the bottom of the pan) over carrots, season with salt and pepper, and toss to coat.Roast lamb and carrots until an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center of leg registers 135° for medium-rare, 75–90 minutes. Transfer lamb to a cutting board and tent with foil; let rest 20 minutes. Leave oven on.Salsa Verde and AssemblyWhile the lamb is resting, transfer carrots to a platter, then carefully pour any juices from the baking sheet into a small bowl (you should have about ¼ cup; if you don’t, top off with olive oil). Transfer carrots back to baking sheet and pop back into oven. Roast 5 minutes to reheat.Meanwhile, finely chop reserved carrot tops to make ½ cup; discard remaining tops. Place in a small bowl and mix in parsley, chives, lemon juice, pan juices, and 2 Tbsp oil. Season with salt and pepper and more lemon juice if needed.Remove twine from lamb and slice about ½" thick (but you can really go as thick or thin as you would like). Arrange on a platter and serve with warm roasted carrots and salsa verde alongside. "\t"Marinated Anchovies with Bread and Butter Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 8 servings 1 4–5-ounce jar oil-packed anchovies, drained1 tablespoon distilled white vinegar2 peperoncini, thinly sliced, or ½ red Fresno chile, thinly sliced, or ¾ teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes1 lemon2 tablespoons olive oil½ cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, room temperature8 slices seedy whole wheat bread, each cut into 4 triangles|  Preparation Place anchovies in a shallow dish or small serving bowl and drizzle vinegar over. Let sit 5 minutes, then add peperoncini. Finely grate zest from half of lemon over anchovies. Slice lemon in half and squeeze in juice from both halves; drizzle with oil.Scoop butter into a small dish and sprinkle generously with salt and pepper if desired. Serve marinated anchovies with bread and butter alongside. "\t"Chewy No-Bake Grain and Oat Bars Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes 154 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into pieces, plus more4 cups mixed unsweetened puffed grain cereal (such as corn, rice, kamut, and/or millet)1 cup old-fashioned oats1½ cups dried fruit, nuts, seeds, unsweetened shredded coconut or coconut flakes, and/or chocolate chips, chopped if large⅓ cup (packed) light brown sugar⅓ cup honey½ teaspoon kosher salt⅓ cup creamy nut butter (such as cashew, almond, or peanut)1 teaspoon vanilla extract|  Preparation Butter a 13x9" baking dish. Toss puffed cereals, oats, and dried fruits, nuts, seeds and/or coconut (all mix-ins except chocolate chips) in a large bowl with your hands to evenly distribute.Bring brown sugar, honey, salt, and 4 Tbsp butter to a boil in a small saucepan and let cook 1 minute. Remove from heat and whisk in nut butter and vanilla until smooth. Drizzle over puffed rice mixture and stir with a large rubber spatula until everything is evenly coated. If using chocolate chips, let mixture cool about 5 minutes before mixing in.Scrape mixture into prepared dish and press and compact down into an even layer with buttered hands. Let cool at least 1 hour before cutting into bars.Do Ahead: Bars can be made 1 week ahead. Store airtight at room temperature. "\t"Salad with Italian Dressing Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 servings ½ cup olive oil5 tablespoons white wine vinegar1 tablespoon mayonnaise1 tablespoon sugar1½ teaspoons dried oregano1 garlic clove, finely grated1 small head of iceberg lettuce½ small red onion, sliced into rings2 ounces provolone piccante cheese, thinly sliced1 cup drained small mozzarella balls, torn10 peperoncini, halved if large|  Preparation Whisk oil, vinegar, mayonnaise, sugar, oregano, and garlic in a small bowl. Season with salt and pepper.Cut lettuce in half through stem end. Tear apart into large pieces. Arrange on a platter and scatter onion, provolone, mozzarella, and peperoncini over, nestling in among leaves. Drizzle with dressing to coat to your liking (you’ll probably have some extra) and top with more black pepper.Do Ahead: Dressing can be made 1 week ahead. Cover and chill. "\t"Aperol-Kombucha Cocktail Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 8 servings2 cups gin, tequila, or mezcal1½ cups Aperol1 16-ounce bottle chilled kombucha, preferably ginger or lemon flavored4 12-ounce cans chilled club soda2 tangerines or oranges, halved through stem ends, thinly sliced|  Preparation Combine gin, Aperol, and kombucha in a large pitcher or glass jar and stir well.To make each cocktail, fill a small glass with ice and pour in gin mixture to come up halfway. Top off with club soda and finish with a few dashes of bitters and a tangerine slice or 2. "\t"Grain Salad with Olives Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 8 servings 2 cups unhulled farro or spelt2 cups green olives1 lemon, halved, seeds removed, finely chopped (peel and flesh), plus more juice if desired2 medium shallots, finely chopped½ cup olive oil2 cups coarsely chopped mint and/or cilantro2 cups coarsely chopped parsley|  Preparation Cook farro in a large wide pot over medium heat, stirring often, until golden brown and toasted (it should start to smell like popcorn), about 4 minutes. Remove pot from heat and pour in cold water to cover grains by 1"; throw in a generous amount of salt (a healthy handful should do it). Set pot over medium-high heat and bring water to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer, skimming surface occasionally of any foam that may rise to the top, until grains are tender but still have some bite, 25–35 minutes. Drain and transfer farro to a large bowl.Meanwhile, using the side of a chef’s knife, coarsely crush olives to break them up into large craggy pieces; discard pits. Place in a large bowl and add chopped lemon and shallots. Toss to combine; season with salt and pepper. Let mixture sit 5 minutes to allow shallots to slightly pickle and flavors to meld.Heat oil in a small saucepan over medium. Add olive mixture and cook, swirling occasionally, until ingredients are warmed through and shallots are slightly softened, about 4 minutes. Scrape vinaigrette into bowl with farro and toss to combine. Taste grain salad and season with salt, pepper, and a little lemon juice if you want.Just before you’re ready to eat, fold herbs into salad.Do Ahead: Grains can be cooked 1 day ahead; let cool, then cover and chill. Salad (without herbs) can be made 6 hours ahead; cover and chill. "\t"Cast-Iron Roast Chicken with Caramelized Leeks Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 servings1 3½–4-pound whole chickenKosher salt3 leeks, white and pale green parts only, halved lengthwise3 tablespoons olive oil, dividedFreshly ground black pepper|  Preparation Pat chicken dry with paper towels and season generously with salt, inside and out. (We use 1 tsp Diamond Crystal or ½ tsp Morton kosher salt per lb.) Tie legs together with kitchen twine. Let sit 1 hour to allow salt to penetrate, or chill, uncovered, up to 1 day ahead.Place a rack in upper third of oven and set a 12” cast-iron skillet or 3-qt. enameled cast-iron baking dish on rack. Preheat oven to 425°.Meanwhile, toss leeks and 2 Tbsp oil in a medium bowl to coat; season with salt and pepper.Once oven reaches temperature, pat chicken dry with paper towels and lightly coat with half of the remaining oil; sprinkle with dry rub, if using. Drizzle remaining oil into hot skillet (this helps keep the chicken from sticking and tearing the skin). Place chicken in the center of skillet and arrange leeks around. Roast until leeks are browned at edges and tender and an instant-read thermometer inserted into the thickest part of breasts registers 155°, 50–60 minutes (temperature will climb to 165° as chicken rests). Let chicken rest in skillet at least 20 minutes and up to 45 minutes.Transfer chicken to a cutting board and carve. Serve with leeks. "\t"Cast-Iron Roast Chicken with Fennel and Carrots Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 servings1 3½–4-pound whole chickenKosher salt2 fennel bulbs, cut into 6 wedges each1 pound small carrots, scrubbed, cut into 4-inch-long pieces on a diagonal3 tablespoons olive oil, dividedFreshly ground black pepper|  Preparation Pat chicken dry with paper towels and season generously with salt, inside and out. (We use 1 tsp Diamond Crystal or ½ tsp Morton kosher salt per lb.) Tie legs together with kitchen twine. Let sit 1 hour to allow salt to penetrate, or chill, uncovered, up to 1 day ahead.Place a rack in upper third of oven and set a 12" cast-iron skillet or 3-qt. enameled cast-iron baking dish on rack. Preheat oven to 425°.Meanwhile, toss fennel, carrots, and 2 Tbsp oil in a large bowl to coat; season with salt and pepper.Once oven reaches temperature, pat chicken dry with paper towels and lightly coat with half of remaining oil. Drizzle remaining oil into hot skillet (this helps keep the chicken from sticking and tearing the skin). Place chicken in the center of skillet and arrange vegetables around. Roast until fennel and carrots are golden brown in spots and tender an instant-read thermometer inserted into the thickest part of breasts registers 155°, 50–60 minutes (temperature will climb to 165° as chicken rests). Let chicken rest in skillet at least 20 minutes and up to 45 minutes.Transfer chicken to a cutting board and carve. Serve with vegetables. "\t"Radicchio with Tahini and Sesame Seeds Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 8 servings3 tablespoons toasted sesame seeds½ small red onion, very thinly sliced¼ cup fresh lemon juice⅓ cup plain whole-milk Greek yogurt1 tablespoon tahini2 medium or 4 small heads of radicchio, leaves separated, large leaves tornOlive oil (for drizzling)|  Preparation Lightly crush sesame seeds in a mortar and pestle (alternatively, place seeds in a resealable plastic bag and crush with a mug) and transfer to a small bowl. Add a few generous pinches of sea salt and toss to combine. Set aside.Toss onion and lemon juice in a large bowl; season with kosher salt and pepper. Let sit 5 minutes to lightly pickle.Meanwhile, mix yogurt, tahini, and 2 Tbsp water in another small bowl until smooth; season tahini dressing with kosher salt and pepper.Add radicchio to bowl with onion and drizzle with oil. Toss to coat; season with kosher salt and pepper. Transfer salad to a platter and drizzle with tahini dressing. Sprinkle reserved salted sesame seeds over salad. "\t"Carrot Salad with Feta and Anchovies Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 servings5 medium carrots (about 12 ounces total), scrubbed, thinly sliced on a bias with a mandoline3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice4 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, divided2 teaspoons Aleppo-style pepper, dividedKosher salt12 boquerones (marinated white anchovies)4 ounces feta, crumbled¼ cup parsley leaves with tender stems|  Preparation Toss carrots with lemon juice, 2 Tbsp oil, and 1 tsp Aleppo-style pepper in a medium bowl; generously season with salt. Massage carrots with your hands until softened. Taste and season with more salt if needed.Transfer carrots and any accumulated juices to a platter and top with boquerones and feta. Drizzle with remaining 2 Tbsp oil and scatter parsley and remaining 1 tsp Aleppo-style pepper over. "\t"One-Skillet Roasted Sesame Chicken Thighs Recipe | Bon Appetit|6 skin-on, bone-in chicken thighs (about 2 pounds total)Kosher salt2 tablespoons sesame oil, preferably toasted, divided1 pound medium carrots, scrubbed2 tablespoons soy sauce2 tablespoons Sriracha2 tablespoons unseasoned rice vinegar1 tablespoon honey1 1-inch piece ginger3 scallionsToasted sesame seeds (for serving)|  Preheat oven to 425°. Heat a large dry skillet, preferably cast iron, over medium-low.Pat chicken thighs dry with paper towels and season all over with salt. Rub only skin side of thighs with 1 Tbsp oil.Transfer thighs skin side down to skillet and cook until enough fat is rendered to cover bottom of skillet, about 5 minutes. Once skin starts to brown, increase heat to medium. Rotate skillet to encourage even browning. Carefully lift up thighs to allow hot fat to run underneath. If thighs are stubborn and don’t want to release, let them go a bit longer.While thighs are cooking, cut carrots into 4" segments.Cook thighs until meat is opaque all around the edges and skin is deep golden brown, 10–12 minutes total. Transfer skin side up to a plate.Pour off all but about 2 Tbsp from skillet (you just want enough left to form a thin layer) and heat over medium-high. Add carrots and try to arrange so all are side by side in a single layer in direct contact with skillet. Cook, undisturbed, until lightly charred on first side, about 5 minutes. Turn carrots so charred side is facing up, then season lightly with salt.Cook carrots on opposite side until lightly charred, about 2 minutes. Turn off stove and transfer skillet to oven. Roast until a toothpick, skewer, or cake tester easily pierces surface of carrot but encounters resistance in the center, 8–10 minutes.While carrots are roasting, stir 2 Tbsp soy sauce, 2 Tbsp Sriracha, 1 Tbsp rice vinegar, 1 Tbsp honey, and remaining 1 Tbsp oil in a small bowl. Scrape peel off of ginger root with a spoon; discard peel. Grate ginger into bowl with microplane, then stir to combine.Carefully remove skillet from oven (the handle will be hot!) and place on stove. Arrange thighs over carrots and drizzle sauce over. Return to oven and roast until chicken thighs are cooked through (an instant-read thermometer inserted into the thickest part near the bone will register 165°), juices run clear, sauce is caramelized on chicken skin, and carrots are tender all the way through, 12–18 minutes. Remove from oven and let rest 10 minutes.While skillet is resting, thinly slice scallions.Transfer chicken and carrots to a platter and drizzle pan juices over. Top with scallions and sesame seeds. "\t"Spicy Beef and Cucumbers Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 servings1 medium English hothouse cucumber or 3 kirby cucumbers (about 12 ounces total)2 tablespoons vegetable oil1 pound ground beefKosher salt4 garlic cloves, finely chopped2 red chiles, finely chopped1 medium shallot, thinly sliced2 tablespoons black (Chinkiang) vinegar1 tablespoon soy sauce1 teaspoon sugarFreshly ground black pepperSteamed rice, cooked ramen, or chopped romaine (for serving)1½ cups mixed tender herbs (such as mint, basil, and/or cilantro)Lime wedges (for serving)|  Preparation Cut cucumbers crosswise into 4"-thick pieces. Using a rolling pin, meat mallet, or the flat side of a chef’s knife, lightly crush cucumbers, then slice crosswise into ½"-thick slices; set aside.Heat oil in a large skillet, preferably cast iron, over high. Add beef and a pinch of salt; break up meat into small pieces with a wooden spoon then spread out in pan to create a single layer. Cook, undisturbed, until bottom side is browned and crisp, about 5 minutes. Break up meat with a spatula and turn over pieces. Cook until other side is browned and crisp and meat is cooked through, 5–7 minutes.Push meat to one side of pan and add garlic and chiles. Cook, stirring often, until fragrant and softened, about 2 minutes. Mix garlic and chile into meat. Add shallot and reserved cucumbers and cook, tossing occasionally and scraping up any browned bits, until cucumbers are softened and translucent, about 4 minutes. Remove skillet from heat and stir in vinegar, soy sauce, and sugar. Set skillet over medium heat and cook, stirring, until sauce is reduced slightly, about 2 minutes. Season with salt and pepper.Spoon beef and cucumbers over rice and top with herbs. Serve with lime wedges for squeezing over. "\t"Portuguese Egg Tarts Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes 12Dough½ teaspoon kosher salt1 cup all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting½ cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, softenedFilling and Assembly1 lemon1 3–4-inch cinnamon stick¾ cup sugar⅓ cup all-purpose flour⅛ teaspoon kosher salt1½ cups whole milk, divided6 large egg yolks1 teaspoon vanilla extractSpecial EquipmentA candy thermometer|  Preparation DoughUsing your hands, mix salt, 1 cup flour, and ½ cup water in a large bowl until a shaggy dough forms. Knead until dough is elastic but still very sticky, about 5 minutes (alternatively, beat on medium speed in a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment until dough pulls away from sides of bowl, about 3 minutes). Wrap in plastic and let sit 30 minutes to relax gluten.Make sure your butter is softened to the consistency of sour cream (you can put it in a bowl and give it a stir). Generously flour (really, use a lot of flour) a clean work surface. Place dough on surface and dust with flour; lightly coat rolling pin with flour. Roll dough out to a 12" square (it will be quite thin), flouring surface as needed to prevent dough from sticking.Brush excess flour off dough. Imagine dough is made up of 3 equal columns. Using a small rubber spatula, spread 2½ Tbsp butter over the left and center columns, leaving a ½" border around the edges (it should look like a slice of toast that’s been buttered on the left two-thirds). Lift up the right, unbuttered column and fold it over the middle column, then fold the far left column over the middle, as though you were folding a letter into thirds. Rotate dough 90° counterclockwise; the sides and top edge will be open.Generously flour work surface and dough. Roll out again to a 12" square. Repeat buttering and folding process. Again rotate folded dough 90° counterclockwise, flouring surface as needed. Roll dough out a third time to a 12" square (it’s worth it; we promise!). Spread remaining butter over surface of dough, leaving a ½" border. Starting with the long side closest to you, tease up edge of dough with a bench scraper and tightly roll it away from you into a log, brushing excess flour from the underside as you go. This dough is very forgiving—if there are any small holes, don't worry about it. When you get to the end, wet edge of dough just before you roll it so that it sticks. Trim both ends to clean up the edges, cut log in half crosswise, then wrap both pieces in plastic wrap (you should have two 6" logs). Chill 1 log at least 3 hours; transfer remaining log to freezer for another use (this amount of dough makes enough for 24 tarts; freeze the extras for your future crispy tart needs).Do Ahead: Dough can be made 1 day ahead; keep chilled, or freeze up to 3 months.Filling and AssemblyPeel zest from one half of lemon into wide strips with a vegetable peeler, leaving white pith behind; set aside. Bring cinnamon, sugar, and ¼ cup water to a boil in a small saucepan fitted with candy thermometer over medium-high heat. Cook, swirling pan occasionally, until thermometer registers 225°. Remove from heat and stir in reserved lemon peel. Let sugar syrup sit 30 minutes.Position a rack in top third of oven; preheat to 500°. Place a rimmed baking sheet in oven to heat.Whisk flour, salt, and ½ cup milk in a medium bowl until combined and no lumps remain. Heat remaining 1 cup milk in a large saucepan over medium-high until it begins to boil, about 5 minutes. Remove from heat and whisk into flour mixture. Return mixture to saucepan over medium heat and cook, stirring occasionally, until thick, creamy, and smooth, about 5 minutes.Strain sugar syrup through a fine-mesh sieve into hot milk mixture and whisk to combine. Whisk in egg yolks and vanilla.Cut chilled dough crosswise into twelve ½"-thick slices. Place 8 slices on a plate and chill; place remaining 4 dough slices in 4 cups of a standard 12-cup muffin pan. Using your thumb, firmly press the center each piece against bottom of cup, forming a wall of dough around your thumb. Using your thumbs and fingers, press edges of dough against sides of cup, turning pan as you go, until dough comes halfway up sides of cup and is about 1/16" thick (or as thin as you can get it). Repeat twice more with remaining dough slices.Fill each pastry shell with about 2 Tbsp filling (it should come about three-fourths of the way up the sides). Try not to get any on the pan itself; it may burn and stick during baking.Carefully place muffin pan on heated baking sheet in oven and bake tarts until custard is slightly puffed and browned in spots, and crust is golden brown and bubbles of melted butter are popping around it, 14–16 minutes. Let cool 10 minutes in pan, then carefully transfer each tart to a wire rack with an offset spatula. Let cool 20 minutes before serving. "\t"Meringue Mushrooms Recipe Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes about 2 dozen mushrooms2 large egg whites, room temperature½ teaspoon kosher salt⅓ cup granulated sugar⅓ cup powdered sugar1 teaspoon distilled white vinegarUnsweetened cocoa powder (for dusting)2 ounces bittersweet chocolate, melted, slightly cooled to let thickenSpecial equipmentPastry bag and medium round tip|  Preparation Preheat oven to 200°. Using an electric mixer on medium-high speed, beat egg whites and salt in a medium bowl until foamy. With motor running, gradually add granulated sugar and beat until stiff, glossy peaks form. Add powdered sugar and vinegar and beat until meringue is very dense (peaks should still be stiff and glossy).Transfer meringue to a piping bag fitted with a medium round tip and pipe 1"-long cones (these will be the mushroom stems) and quarter-size circles (the mushroom caps) onto a parchment-lined baking sheet. Dust mushroom tops with cocoa powder with a fine-mesh sieve and bake, rotating once, until meringues are dry, 1 ½−2 hours.Using a small paring knife, make a small hole in center of flat side of mushroom tops. Workin one at a time, spread a dab of chocolate on flat side of a mushroom top with a offset spatula and fit smaller end of meringue stem into hole, pressing to adhere. Let chocolate harden.Do ahead: Mushrooms can be made 3 days ahead. Store tightly wrapped at room temperature. "\t"Chocolate Buttercream Recipe Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes about 2 cups2 large egg yolks1 large egg whites½ tsp kosher salt½ cup granulated sugar1 cup (2 sticks) unsalted butter, room temperature, cut into pieces5 ounces bittersweet chocolate, melted, cooled1 tsp vanilla extractSpecial equipmentA candy thermometer|  Preparation Using an electric mixer on medium-high speed, beat egg yolks, egg, and salt until pale and thick, about 4 minutes.Meanwhile, bring granulated sugar and ¼ cup water to a boil in a small saucepan fitted with a candy thermometer over medium-high heat, stirring to dissolve sugar. Continue to cook, swirling occasionally (but not stirring), until thermometer registers 248° (this is the firm-ball stage). With motor running, gradually pour syrup into egg mixture just where the eggs meet the sides of the bowl (you want to avoid the beaters to keep sugar from splattering). Beat until eggs are light and fluffy and the outside of bowl is cool to the touch, about 5 minutes.Beat in butter a piece at a time, mixing until incorporated before adding the next piece. If mixture looks either soupy or curdled, continue to beat until an emulsion forms and mixture is light and thick (this could take several minutes). Mix in chocolate and vanilla.Do ahead: Buttercream can be made 2 days ahead. Cover and chill, or freeze up to 1 month. Bring to room temperature and beat again before using. (Thaw frozen buttercream in refrigerator overnight before bringing to room temperature.) "\t"O.D.A. Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes 1 ServingsHoney Simple Syrup¼ cup clover honeyCocktail4 leaves Thai or sweet basil, plus sprig for garnish1 ounce white rum, such as Caña Brava½ ounce fresh lemon juice1½ ounces tepache (click here for recipe)Mint sprig, for garnish|  Preparation Honey Simple SyrupDissolve honey in ⅓ cup hot water. Chill syrup until cold.DO AHEAD: Honey syrup can be made 1 month ahead. Cover and keep chilled.CocktailSlap basil leaves between your hands and place in the bottom of a Collins glass with rum, lemon juice, and ½ oz. honey syrup. Muddle with a few firm strokes, top with tepache, and stir to combine. Fill glass with crushed ice and garnish with mint and Thai basil. "\t"Asparagus Frittata Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 Servings8 large eggs4 large egg whites1 cup (packed) basil leaves, thinly slicedKosher salt, freshly ground pepper2 tablespoons olive oil2 cups thinly sliced asparagus (from about 1 bunch)|  Preparation Preheat oven to 400°. Whisk eggs and egg whites in a medium bowl until frothy; mix in basil and season with salt and pepper.Heat oil in a medium ovenproof nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add asparagus and cook, tossing occasionally, until beginning to soften, about 2 minutes. Reduce heat to medium and add egg mixture, stirring to combineCook, shaking pan occasionally, until egg mixture is set around edges, about 4 minutes. Transfer skillet to oven and cook frittata until top is puffed and completely set, 10–15 minutes.Run a heatproof spatula around edge of pan to release frittata. Slide frittata onto a warmed plate and cut into wedges. "\t"Cinnamon Ice Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients  Servings8 sticks cinnamon|  Preparation Bring cinnamon and 3 cups water to a boil in a small saucepan; remove from heat and let cool completely. Pour into ice cube molds and freeze until solid. "\t"Millet Couscous with Roasted Carrots Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 Servings4 tablespoons olive oil, divided, plus more for drizzling1 cup millet½ teaspoon cumin seeds2 ¼ cups low-sodium chicken broth6 medium carrots, peeled, cut into 1” piecesKosher salt, freshly ground pepper¼ cup roasted almonds, chopped¼ teaspoon cayenne pepper¼ cup fresh cilantro leaves with tender stemsLemon wedges (for serving)|  Preparation Preheat oven to 400°. Heat 1 Tbsp oil in a medium saucepan over medium-high heat. Add millet and cumin seeds and cook, stirring, until beginning to brown, about 2 minutes. Add broth and bring to a boil. Reduce heat, cover, and simmer, stirring occasionally, until millet is tender, 25–35 minutes.Meanwhile, toss carrots with 2 Tbsp oil on a rimmed baking sheet; season with salt and pepper. Roast until tender and golden brown, 15–20 minutes.Heat remaining 1 Tbsp oil in a small skillet over medium-low heat; cook almonds and cayenne, stirring occasionally, until fragrant, about 2 minutes.Serve millet drizzled with oil and topped with carrots, cilantro, almond mixture. "\t"Roasted Spring Onions Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 Servings4 bunches spring onions, trimmed, halved lengthwise6 sprigs thyme6 tablespoons olive oil, dividedKosher salt, freshly ground pepper½ cup low-sodium chicken broth1 cup fresh breadcrumbs1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest|  Preparation Preheat oven to 400°. Toss onions and thyme with 4 Tbsp oil in a shallow 13x9” baking dish; season with salt and pepper. Add stock and roast until tender, 30–35 minutes.When onions are almost finished roasting, toss breadcrumbs and zest with remaining 2 Tbsp oil; season with salt and pepper. Toast on a rimmed baking sheet, tossing halfway through, until golden brown, 8–10 minutes.Serve onions topped with breadcrumbs. "\t"Cherry Oh Baby Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 1 Servings2 ounces dark rum3/4 ounce Rothman and Winters Orchard cherry liqueur1/2 ounce cherry Heering2 dashes Angostura bitters1 Fresh cherry (for serving)|  Preparation Combine rum, cherry liqueurs, and bitters in a cocktail shaker filled with ice. Shake until outside of shaker is frosty, about 30 seconds. Strain into a highball glass filled with ice and garnish with cherry. "\t"Veranda Way Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes 1 Servings1¾ ounces gin1¼ ounces tepache (click here for recipe)½ ounce Aperol½ ounce fresh lime juice¼ ounce simple syrup (click here for recipe)Cinnamon ice (click here for recipe)Pineapple wedge, for garnish|  Preparation Combine gin, tepache, Aperol, lime juice, and simple syrup in a cocktail shaker and fill with ice. Shake until outside of shaker is frosty, about 30 seconds. Strain into a Collins glass filled with cinnamon ice. Garnish with pineapple. "\t"Apple Cider Syrup Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes about 1 ½ cups Servings1 cup apple cider1 cup sugar|  Preparation Bring cider and sugar to a boil in a small saucepan, reduce heat, and simmer, stirring occasionally, until sugar dissolves. Let cool, then transfer to an airtight container. Cover and chill.Do aheadApple Cider Syrup can be made 1 week ahead. Keep chilled. "\t"Roasted Cauliflower with Capers and Parmesan Recipe | Bon Appetit|1 large head of cauliflower (about 2½ pounds)5 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, dividedKosher salt, freshly ground black pepper1 ounce Parmesan2 tablespoons capers, drained, divided1 lemon|  Arrange a rack in lowest position of oven; preheat to 450°. Place cauliflower on a cutting board and snap off green outer leaves. Use knife to shave off end of stem to create a flat surface on which the cauliflower can stand upright.Starting from one end, cut entire head of cauliflower into ½" slices, letting the pieces fall where they may. The pieces connected to the root will remain intact in planks.Transfer cauliflower to a rimmed baking sheet and drizzle with 3 Tbsp oil. Season with salt and pepper and toss with your hands to make sure pieces are evenly coated, then arrange so they’re resting on a flat cut surface.Roast cauliflower on bottom rack until pieces are browned around the edges and undersides are deeply browned all over, 25–30 minutes.YOU CAN SERVE ROASTED VEGETABLES COLD TOO, YOU KNOWWhile cauliflower is roasting, grate Parm on the large holes of a box grater. Set aside about half for garnishing.Coarsely chop half of capers, then toss all capers in a small bowl with remaining 2 Tbsp oil. Cut lemon in half and squeeze in juice.WHAT EVEN ARE CAPERS, ANYWAY?When cauliflower is ready on the first side, remove baking sheet from oven and place on a work surface. Using a spatula, turn pieces over so browned sides are facing up. Sprinkle Parm NOT set aside for garnish over cauliflower.Return sheet to oven and continue to roast until second side of cauliflower is browned and Parm is toasty smelling and browned, 10–12 minutes.Let cool a few minutes, then transfer cauliflower to a plate with spatula and drizzle lemon-caper dressing over. Season with a bit more salt and pepper, then top with reserved Parm. "\t"Horseradish–Black Pepper Vodka Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes 1 cup1 1” piece horseradish, peeled, thinly sliced¼ tsp black peppercorns, crushed or chopped8 ounces vodka|  Preparation Combine horseradish, black pepper, and vodka in a large jar. Cover and let sit at at least 3 days and up to 1 month. Strain before using. "\t"El Coco Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes 1 Servings1½ ounces blanco tequila1½ ounces tepache (click here for recipe)¾ ounces cream of coconut, such as Coco Lopez½ ounce yellow chartreuseSeveral dashes Peychaud’s bitters|  Preparation Combine tequila, tepache, cream of coconut, and chartreuse in a cocktail shaker and stir to combine (do not add ice). Pour into a chilled rocks glass filled with crushed ice and top with several dashes Peychaud’s bitters. "\t"El Bigote Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 1 ServingsCinnamon Bark Syrup4 cinnamon sticks1/2 cup sugar1 ounce mezcal1 ounce Old Grand-Dad 114 or other high-proof bourbon1/2 ounce Cocchi Americano (Italian aperitif wine)1/4 ounce Sherry2 dashes Bittermen's Xocolatl Mole or Angostura bittersOrange twist (for serving)|  Preparation Cinnamon Bark SyrupBring cinnamon sticks, sugar and ½ cup water to a boil in a small saucepan. Remove from heat and let steep 2 hours. Strain syrup into a small jar or bowl; discard cinnamon.Do AheadSyrup can be made 1 week ahead. Cover and chill.CocktailCombine mezcal, bourbon, Cocchi Americano, Sherry, bitters, and ¼ oz. cinnamon bark syrup in a large glass, mixing glass, or cocktail shaker filled with ice. Stir until outside of glass is frosty, about 30 seconds. Strain into a rocks glass filled with ice and garnish with orange twist. "\t"Roasted Spiced Rhubarb with Dates and Yogurt Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 Servings¼ cup unsalted, shelled raw pistachios½ cup Medjool dates, chopped2 teaspoons finely grated orange zest½ teaspoon vanilla extract2 tablespoons honey, divided3 large rhubarb stalks (about ¾ lb.), cut into 2” pieces¼ teaspoon ground cinnamon1 1/3 cups plain nonfat Greek yogurt|  Preparation Preheat oven to 350°. Toast pine nuts on a rimmed baking sheet, tossing occasionally, until golden brown, 8–10 minutes; let cool, then chop.Meanwhile, bring dates, zest, vanilla, 1 Tbsp honey, and 1 cup water to a boil in a small saucepan, reduce heat, and simmer gently until dates are very soft and liquid is reduced by half, 8–10 minutes. Place rhubarb in a small baking dish and toss with cinnamon and date mixture. Roast, turning halfway through, until rhubarb is tender but not falling apart, 25–30 minutes.Whisk yogurt and remaining 1 Tbsp honey in a small bowl. Serve spiced rhubarb and any juices with yogurt and pistachios. "\t"Bourbon & Tepache Cocktail Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes 1 Servings1½ ounces bonded Bourbon, such as Old Fitzgerald¾ ounces tepache (click here for recipe)½ ounce fresh lemon juice¼ ounce FalernumA few dashes Angostura bittersOrange twist, for garnish|  Preparation Combine bourbon, tepache, lemon juice, and Falernum in a cocktail shaker; fill shaker with ice. Shake until outside of shaker is frosty, about 30 seconds. Strain into a chilled double old-fashioned glass filled with crushed ice. Top with bitters, and garnish with orange twist. "\t"Radicchio Salad with Turkey, Pear, and Pomegranate Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients  Servings4 ounces leftover turkey from Turkey Breast with Roasted Broccolini (click here for recipe)3 cups radicchio1 pear2 tablespoons toasted chopped hazelnuts2 tablespoons pomegranate seeds2 tablespoons Whole Grain Mustard Walnut Vinaigrette (click here for recipe)|  Preparation Toss radicchio, sliced pear, and turkey with vinaigrette. Top with hazelnuts and pomegranate seeds. "\t"Tepache Highball Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes 1 Servings2 ounces tepache (click here for recipe)1½ ounces blanco tequila1 teaspoon agave nectarClub sodaPineapple wedge for servingTajín (Mexican seasoning mix) for serving, optional|  Preparation Combine tepache, tequila, and agave in a highball glass and stir until agave is dissolved. Fill glass with crushed ice, and top off with club soda. Top with pineapple and sprinkle with tajín. "\t"Creamy Herb Dressing Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes about ½ cup1 large egg yolk1 garlic clove, finely chopped2 tablespoons Sherry vinegar½ cup olive oil½ cup (packed) fresh dill leaves½ cup (packed) fennel frondsKosher salt, freshly ground pepper|  Preparation Pulse egg yolk, garlic, and vinegar in a food processor until smooth. With motor running, gradually drizzle in oil and process until emulsified. Add dill and fennel and process, adding water by the tablespoonful as needed, until dressing is the consistency of heavy cream; season with salt and pepper. "\t"Ginger and Pepper Truffles Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes about 40 Servings9 ounces bittersweet chocolate (70% cacao), chopped1¼ cups heavy cream2 teaspoons coarsely ground black pepper1 teaspoon Aleppo pepper½ cup crystalized ginger½ cup sugar|  Preparation Place chocolate in a medium bowl. Bring cream, black pepper, and Aleppo pepper to a simmer in a small saucepan over medium heat. Strain cream into bowl with chocolate; discard solids. Let sit until chocolate is softened, about 3 minutes. Whisk until smooth. Cover and chill until ganache is firm enough to roll into balls, at least 3 hours.Pulse ginger and sugar in a food processor until mixture resembles coarse sand; transfer to a small bowl. Scoop out a scant tablespoonful of ganache. Roll into a ball (if you’d like, wear disposable gloves to keep your hands clean), then roll in ginger sugar. Place on a parchment-lined baking sheet. Repeat with remaining ganache. Chill truffles until firm, at least 1 hour.Do ahead: Ganache can be made 3 days ahead; keep chilled. Ginger sugar can be made 1 week ahead; store airtight at room temperature. Truffles can be made 1 week ahead; store airtight in the refrigerator. "\t"Viking Glogg Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 8 Servings2 750-ml bottles fruity red wine1/2 cup cream Sherry1/2 cup sugar2 tablespoons loose chai tea1 teaspoon caraway seeds4 cinnamon sticks, plus more for garnish4 star anise pods, plus more for garnish2 orange slices1 4" knob ginger, peeled and chopped1 vanilla bean, split lengthwise, seeds scraped8 orange twists, (for serving)|  Preparation Combine wine, Sherry, sugar, chai tea, caraway seeds, 4 cinnamon sticks, 4 star anise pods, 2 orange slices, ginger and vanilla bean in a large pot. Bring to a simmer and reduce heat to low. Let steep for one hour. Strain and divide among mugs; garnish with cinnamon stick, star anise pod and orange twist. "\t"Iced Matcha Latte Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes 1 Servings½ cup whole milk2½ teaspoons matcha2 teaspoons sugar|  Preparation Heat milk in a large heatproof glass measuring cup in a microwave on high until very hot but not boiling, about 45 seconds (or, heat milk in a small saucepan over medium). Using an immersion blender, carefully blend on medium speed, moving blade up and down through milk, until foamy, about 30 seconds. (Alternatively, whisk vigorously.)Combine matcha, sugar, and ½ cup water in an ice-filled cocktail shaker. Cover and shake vigorously until outside of shaker is very cold and latte is frothy, 30 seconds. Using a cocktail strainer or slotted spoon to hold back ice while allowing foam and small ice chips to pass through, pour into a tall, ice-filled glass. Top off with frothy milk. "\t"Seeded Coconut Truffles Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes about 40 Servings9 ounces bittersweet chocolate (70% cacao), chopped1¼ cups heavy cream¼ cup amaranth¼ cup sesame seeds¼ cup unsweetened shredded coconut|  Preparation Place chocolate in a medium bowl. Bring cream to a simmer in a small saucepan over medium heat. Pour over chocolate and let sit until chocolate is softened, about 3 minutes. Whisk until smooth. Cover and chill until ganache is firm enough to roll into balls, at least 3 hours.Toast amaranth and sesame seeds in a dry medium skillet over medium-high heat, stirring, until some of amaranth has puffed and sesame seeds are golden, about 3 minutes. Transfer to a small bowl and stir in coconut; let cool.Scoop out a scant tablespoonful of ganache. Roll into a ball (if you’d like, wear disposable gloves to keep your hands clean), then roll in coconut mixture. Place on a parchment-lined baking sheet. Repeat with remaining ganache. Chill truffles until firm, at least 1 hour.Do ahead: Ganache can be made 3 days ahead; keep chilled. Truffles can be made 1 week ahead; store airtight in the refrigerator. "\t"Amaretto-Mocha Truffles Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes about 40 Servings9 ounces bittersweet chocolate (70% cacao), chopped1 cup heavy cream¼ cup amaretto¾ cup coffee beans, finely ground|  Preparation Place chocolate in a medium bowl. Bring cream and amaretto to a simmer in a small saucepan over medium heat. Pour over chocolate and let sit until chocolate is softened, about 3 minutes. Whisk until smooth. Cover and chill until ganache is firm enough to roll into balls, at least 3 hours.Place ground coffee in a small bowl. Scoop out a scant tablespoonful of ganache. Roll into a ball (if you’d like, wear disposable gloves to keep your hands clean), then roll in espresso. Place on a parchment-lined baking sheet. Repeat with remaining ganache. Chill truffles until firm, at least 1 hour.Do ahead: Ganache can be made 3 days ahead; keep chilled. Truffles can be made 1 week ahead; store airtight in the refrigerator. "\t"Watermelon Margarita Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes 1 Servings1 tablespoon kosher salt1 ounce fresh lime juice, plus 1 lime wedge for glass1½ cups cubed seeded watermelon, plus 1 small wedge for serving2 sprigs mint2 ounces tequila blanco¾ ounce simple syrup|  Preparation Place salt on a small plate. Rub rim of a margarita coupe with lime wedge; dip in salt.Muddle watermelon cubes and mint in a cocktail shaker until watermelon breaks up into small pieces and releases its juice. Add tequila, simple syrup, and lime juice. Fill shaker with ice, cover, and shake vigorously until outside of shaker is frosty, about 30 seconds. Strain cocktail into prepared glass and garnish with watermelon wedge. "\t"Strawberry-Cucumber Ice Pops Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes 24 to 30 Servings2 English hothouse cucumbers, peeled, chopped4 10-ounce bags frozen strawberries1½ teaspoons finely grated lime zest½ cup fresh lime juice½ cup sugarPinch of kosher saltSpecial EquipmentThirty 2-ounce ice-pop molds and wooden sticks|  Preparation Purée 1 cucumber and half of strawberries, lime zest, lime juice, and sugar in a blender until very smooth; transfer to a large pitcher or measuring cup. Repeat with remaining cucumber, strawberries, lime zest, lime juice, and sugar. Season with salt and stir to combine.Pour strawberry-cucumber mixture into ice-pop molds. Cover and insert sticks. Freeze until solid, at least 4 hours. Dip molds briefly in hot water to release pops.Do Ahead: Ice pops can be made 1 week ahead. Keep frozen. "\t"Horseradish–Black Pepper Gibson Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 1 Servings2 ½ ounces Horseradish–Black Pepper Vodka (click for recipe)½ ounce dry vermouthCocktail onions (for serving)|  Preparation Combine vodka and vermouth in a cocktail shaker; fill shaker with ice. Shake until outside of shaker is frosty, about 30 seconds. Strain into a chilled coupe glass and garnish with cocktail onions. "\t"Rotolo Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 (makes about 8) Servings1 pound pizza dough, room temperatureAll-purpose flour (for surface)6 ounces thinly sliced mortadella8 ounces ricotta (about 1 cup)Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper½ cup pistachios4 garlic cloves, finely chopped⅓ cup olive oil|  Preparation Roll out dough on a lightly floured surface to a 20x12" rectangle, about ⅛" thick, orienting dough so that a long edge is facing you (short edges will be to your left and right). Cover dough with mortadella (overlapping the slices slightly is okay), leaving a ¼" border of dough around edges. Evenly dollop ricotta over mortadella; season with salt and pepper. Roll dough away from you, using a dough scraper if needed to peel it up and off the surface, into a tight log. Cut crosswise into 2 ½" rounds. Transfer rotolos to a parchment-lined large rimmed baking sheet, placing cut side up. Cover tightly with plastic wrap and let sit in a warm place until puffed slightly, 1–1 ½ hours.Meanwhile, place a rack in upper third of oven and preheat to 425°. Toast pistachios on a small rimmed baking sheet, tossing once, until fragrant and just beginning to brown, about 4 minutes. Let cool, then coarsely chop.Bake rotolo, rotating baking sheet halfway through, until deeply browned and dough is no longer raw in the center, 24–28 minutes.Meanwhile, combine garlic, oil, and pistachios in a small bowl; season with salt and pepper.Spoon pistachio-garlic oil over warm rotolos just before serving. "\t"Brandy Milk Punch Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes 1 Servings2 ounces brandy1 ½ ounces heavy cream or almond milk1 ounce simple syrup½ teaspoon vanilla extractFreshly grated nutmeg (for serving)|  Preparation Combine brandy, cream, simple syrup, and vanilla extract in a cocktail shaker; fill shaker with ice. Shake until outside of shaker is frosty, about 30 seconds. Strain into a rocks glass filled with ice and garnish with nutmeg. "\t"Fudgsicle-Inspired Ice Pops Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes 10 to 12 pops3 cups half-and-half6 ounces semisweet chocolate, finely chopped6 tablespoons sugar2 tablespoons cocoa powder (preferably Dutch-processed)1 tablespoon vanilla extract or paste⅛ teaspoon kosher saltSpecial EquipmentTwelve 3-ounce ice-pop molds|  Preparation Bring half-and-half to a simmer in a medium saucepan over medium-high heat. Whisk in chocolate, sugar, and cocoa powder and cook, whisking frequently, until mixture is smooth and creamy and chocolate is melted, about 5 minutes. Remove from heat and whisk in vanilla and salt; chill at least 1 hour.Pour chocolate mixture into ice-pop molds. Cover and insert sticks. Freeze until solid, at least 4 hours. Dip molds briefly in hot water to release pops.Do Ahead: Chocolate mixture can be made 1 day ahead; keep chilled. Fudgecicles can be made 1 week ahead; keep frozen. "\t"Chicken Salad with Celery, Scallions, and Marinated Cucumbers Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients  Servings2 cups cucumber, thinly slicedRice vinegar4 ounces leftover chicken from Roast Chicken with Butternut-Tahini Purée (click here for recipe)1 cup celery1 tablespoon scallions2 tablespoons Kimchi Miso Dressing (click here for recipe)|  Preparation Toss cucumber with vinegar and set aside to soften for 10 minutes. Toss chicken, celery, and scallions with dressing. Serve with cucumbers on the side. "\t"Pretzel and Banana Truffles Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes about 36 Servings9 ounces bittersweet chocolate (70% cacao), chopped1¼ cups heavy cream2½ cups mini pretzels (such as Rold Gold Tiny Twists)¾ cup sweetened banana chips|  Preparation Place chocolate in a medium bowl. Place cream in a small saucepan. Add pretzels, crumbling with your hands. Bring to a simmer over medium heat. Remove from heat, cover, and let stand 10 minutes to let flavors infuse.Return cream mixture to a simmer, then strain into bowl with chocolate; discard solids. Let sit until chocolate is softened, about 3 minutes. Whisk until smooth. Cover and chill until ganache is firm enough to roll into balls, at least 3 hours.Pulse banana chips in a food processor until coarsely ground; transfer to a small bowl. Scoop out a scant tablespoonful of ganache. Roll into a ball (if you’d like, wear disposable gloves to keep your hands clean), then roll in banana chips. Place on a parchment-lined baking sheet. Repeat with remaining ganache. Chill truffles until firm, at least 1 hour.Do ahead: Ganache can be made 3 days ahead; keep chilled. Truffles can be made 1 week ahead; store airtight in the refrigerator. "\t"Chocolate Truffles with Beer Sugar Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes about 40 Servings1 cup demerara sugar2 tablespoons India Pale Ale9 ounces bittersweet chocolate (70% cacao), chopped1¼ cups heavy cream|  Preparation Preheat oven to lowest setting (150° or 200° on most ovens). Mix demerara sugar and beer in a small bowl. Spread out mixture on a parchment-lined baking sheet in a thin, even layer. Let dry out in oven 12 hours (or overnight) with door slightly ajar. Mixture should feel like demerara sugar again. Transfer beer sugar to a small bowl.Place chocolate in a medium bowl. Bring cream to a simmer in a small saucepan over medium heat. Pour over chocolate and let sit until chocolate is softened, about 3 minutes. Whisk until smooth. Cover and chill until ganache is firm enough to roll into balls, at least 3 hours.Scoop out a scant tablespoonful of ganache. Roll into a ball (if you’d like, wear disposable gloves to keep your hands clean), then roll in beer sugar. Place on a parchment-lined baking sheet. Repeat with remaining ganache. Chill truffles until firm, at least 1 hour.Do ahead: Ganache can be made 3 days ahead; keep chilled. IPA sugar can be made 1 week ahead; store airtight at room temperature. Truffles can be made 1 week ahead; store airtight in the refrigerator. "\t"Cilantro Margarita Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes 1 Servings2 ounces fresh lime juice2 ounces tequila blanco1 ounce simple syrup¼ cup fresh cilantro leaves with tender stemsLime wedge (for serving)|  Preparation Combine lime juice, tequila, simple syrup, and cilantro in a cocktail shaker. Fill shaker with ice and shake until outside of shaker is frosty, about 30 seconds. Strain into an ice-filled rocks glass. Garnish with lime wedge. "\t"Apple-Fennel Chicken Salad Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 Servings½ apple, finely chopped (we like Pink Lady or Gala for the color)½ fennel bulb, finely chopped½ small shallot, finely chopped8 ounces poached, roasted, or rotisserie chicken, torn into bite-size pieces2 tablespoons mayonnaise1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh chives1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh tarragon2 teaspoons finely grated lemon zest1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, plus more if neededKosher salt, freshly ground pepper|  Preparation Using a fork, mix apple, fennel, shallot, chicken, mayonnaise, chives, tarragon, lemon zest, and 1 Tbsp lemon juice in a medium bowl until well combined. Season with salt, pepper, and more lemon juice, if desired. "\t"Lemon-Lavender Pound Cake Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes one 8½ x4½" loaf ServingsCake½ cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, room temperature, plus more for pan1½ cups all-purpose flour¾ teaspoon kosher salt¾ teaspoon baking powder¼ teaspoon baking soda¾ cup plus 1 tablespoon granulated sugar2 teaspoons dried lavender4 teaspoons finely grated lemon zest½ vanilla bean, split lengthwise2 large eggs, room temperature½ cup buttermilk or milk3 tablespoons fresh lemon juiceGlaze1 cup powdered sugar2 tablespoons buttermilk or milk1 lemon|  Preparation CakePreheat oven to 350°. Butter an 8½x4½" loaf pan and line with parchment paper, leaving a generous overhang on long sides. Whisk flour, salt, baking powder, and baking soda in a medium bowl; set aside.Place granulated sugar, lavender, and lemon zest in a food processor. Scrape in seeds from vanilla bean; save pod for another use. Pulse until lavender is finely chopped; set 1 Tbsp lavender sugar aside for topping.Using an electric mixer on medium-high speed, beat remaining lavender sugar and ½ cup butter in a large bowl until very light and fluffy, 5–7 minutes (don’t shortchange yourself here; the long beating time aerates the cake and yields the finest texture). Add eggs one at a time, beating to blend after each addition and scraping down sides and bottom of bowl as needed.Combine buttermilk and lemon juice in a small bowl. Reduce speed to low and add dry ingredients to lavender sugar mixture in 3 additions, alternating with buttermilk mixture in 2 additions, beginning and ending with dry ingredients. Stop mixer just before all dry ingredients are incorporated and finish mixing by hand, a guarantee against overmixing the batter, which can cause the cake to be tough. Scrape batter into prepared pan and smooth top with a spatula.Bake cake until a tester inserted into the center comes out clean, 55–65 minutes. Transfer pan to a wire rack; let cake cool in pan 20 minutes before turning out and peeling off parchment. Let cool completely.Do Ahead: Lavender sugar can be made 1 month ahead; store airtight at room temperature. Cake can be baked 2 days ahead; store tightly wrapped at room temperature.GlazeWhisk powdered sugar and buttermilk in a medium bowl. Pour over cooled cake, letting excess drip over sides. Using a lemon zester, zest lemon into strips into a small bowl; add 1 Tbsp reserved lavender sugar and toss to coat. Top cake with sugared lemon zest. Let sit until glaze is set, about 30 minutes.Do Ahead: Glazed cake (without zest) can be made 1 day ahead; store under a cake dome (or an overturned bowl) at room temperature. Top with sugared lemon zest just before serving. "\t"Herbed Egg Salad Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 Servings8 hard-boiled large eggs, chopped¼ cup finely chopped fresh chives2 tablespoons mayonnaise1 tablespoon coarsely chopped fresh dill2 teaspoons whole grain mustard1½ teaspoons apple cider vinegar, plus more if neededHot sauceKosher salt, freshly ground pepper|  Preparation Mix eggs, chives, mayonnaise, dill, mustard, 1½ tsp vinegar, and a few dashes of hot sauce in a medium bowl until well combined. Season with salt, pepper, and more hot sauce or vinegar, if desired. "\t"Mint Truffles Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes about 40 Servings9 ounces bittersweet chocolate (70% cacao), chopped1¼ cups heavy cream½ cup sugar2 teaspoons mint extract⅓ cup fresh mint leaves|  Preparation Place chocolate in a medium bowl. Bring cream to a simmer in a small saucepan over medium heat. Pour over chocolate and let sit until chocolate is softened, about 3 minutes. Add mint extract and whisk until smooth. Cover and chill until ganache is firm enough to roll into balls, at least 3 hours.Pulse sugar and fresh mint in a food processor until mint is very finely chopped; transfer to a small bowl. Scoop out a scant tablespoonful of ganache. Roll into a ball (if you’d like, wear disposable gloves to keep your hands clean), then roll in mint sugar. Place on a parchment-lined baking sheet. Repeat with remaining ganache. Chill truffles until firm, at least 1 hour.Do ahead: Ganache can be made 3 days ahead; keep chilled. Truffles can be made 1 week ahead; store airtight in the refrigerator. "\t"Green Goddess Crunch Sandwich Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes 2¼ cup finely chopped chives¼ cup mayonnaise¼ cup tarragon¼ cup whole-milk Greek yogurt1 lemon, halved2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, plus more for drizzlingKosher salt, freshly ground pepper½ head of butter or Bibb lettuce (about 2 ounces), large leaves torn¼ English hothouse cucumber, thinly sliced1 avocado, thinly sliced4 slices grainy bread8 ounces fresh mozzarella, sliced ¼ inch thick2 cups sprouts (such as broccoli sprouts or alfalfa)|  Preparation Place chives, mayonnaise, tarragon, and yogurt in a blender. Add zest and juice of 1 lemon half, then add 2 Tbsp oil; season with salt and pepper. Purée until smooth.Squeeze juice from remaining lemon half over lettuce and cucumbers in a medium bowl. Drizzle with oil; season with salt and pepper. Toss to coat.Divide and smash avocado between 2 slices of bread; season with salt and pepper. Arrange lettuce and cucumbers over. Top with mozzarella and sprouts. Spread remaining 2 slices of bread with ¼ cup green goddess dressing and close sandwiches. "\t"Spicy Mousse Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 8 Servings2 dried ancho chiles, stems removed1-2 dried arbol chiles, stems removed, plus more for serving2 cups heavy cream½ vanilla bean, split and scraped3 cinnamon sticks1 tablespoon powdered sugar8 ounces bittersweet chocolate, chopped2 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into pieces4 large eggs, yolks and whites separated1/3 cup granulated sugarSoftly whipped cream, for serving|  Preparation Toast chiles in a medium dry saucepan over medium heat until fragrant and lightly browned, tossing often, about two minutes. Remove from pot and let sit until cool enough to handle. Crush chiles and return to pot with cream, vanilla, and cinnamon sticks and bring to a boil. Reduce to a simmer and cook 5 minutes. Remove from heat and let sit until cream has been infused with flavors, 15-20 minutes. Strain into a medium bowl set over ice and stir until mixture is cold. Whip just until very soft peaks form, watching constantly (cream will overbeat and curdle rapidly). Beat in powdered sugar and chill.Melt chocolate in large heatproof bowl set over a saucepan of simmering water, stirring with a heatproof spatula just until smooth, about 5 minutes. Remove from heat and stir in butter pieces until melted. Stir in egg yolks one at a time until fully incorporated (mixture will look slightly grainy but will smooth out eventually). Set aside.Beat egg whites until foamy and slowly add sugar, beating constantly, until soft peaks form. Do not overbeat. Gently fold egg white mixture into chocolate mixture in two additions. Gently fold in whipped cream mixture.Spoon mousse into individual serving glasses, cover with plastic wrap, and chill until set, at least 2 hours and up to overnight.Let mousse sit at room temperature before serving, 25-30 minutes. Serve mousse with softly whipped cream and more crushed chile.Do aheadMousse can be made 1 day ahead. "\t"Tepache Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes about 9 cups1 pineapple, with skin, top and bottom trimmed, cut into 1” pieces (about 10 cups)1 cup turbinado sugar1 cup palm sugar, chopped3 tablespoons whole coriander seeds1 tablespoon grains of paradise6 long peppercorns1 tablespoon cubeb pepper|  Preparation Combine pineapple, turbinado sugar, palm sugar, coriander, grains of paradise, long peppercorns, cubeb peppers, and 8 cups warm water in a 4-quart container with a tight-fitting lid. Stir to combine, cover tightly, and set aside in a warm, draft-free area (about 75°F) until sugar is dissolved, mixture is slightly warmer than room temperature, and a little fizzy, 2-3 days. (Check after the 2nd day. If mixture isn’t ready, cover and let ferment another day).Using a slotted spoon, skim the solids from the top of the container and discard. Strain mixture through a cheese-cloth-lined fine-meshed sieve into a 3-qt. container. Cover and let sit at room temperature overnight, then refrigerate.DO AHEAD: Tepache can be made up to one week ahead. "\t"Pisco Punch with Grilled Lemons Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes 8 Servings4 lemons, halved2 cups Pisco½ cup simple syrup (click for recipe)1 cup pineapple juice1 cup club soda|  Preparation Prepare grill for medium heat. Grill lemon halves, cut-side down, until lightly charred, about 2 minutes; let cool.Squeeze grilled lemons into a large pitcher and add halves; add Pisco, simple syrup, and pineapple juice. Chill 1 hour. Strain into ice-filled rocks glasses, and top with club soda, about 1 oz. per glass. "\t"Gort's Reprieve Irish Coffee Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes 1 Servings4 ounces hot freshly brewed coffee1 1/2 ounces Redbreast Irish Whiskey3/4 ounce amaro (such as Luxardo Amaro Abano)1 teaspoon simple syrup4 dashes Bittermens New Orleans Coffee Bitters (optional)Whipped cream, ground nutmeg, cinnamon, and allspice (for serving)1 fresh mint leaf2 coffee beans|  Preparation Stir coffee, whiskey, liqueur, simple syrup, and bitters in a glass to combine. Top with whipped cream, nutmeg, cinnamon, and allspice and garnish with mint leaf and coffee beans. "\t"Cinnamon Sugar Apples Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 1 Servings1 sliced tart apple1 teaspoon sugar¼ teaspoon ground cinnamon|  Preparation Place apple, sugar, and ground cinnamon in a resealable plastic bag. Toss to combine, then let sit at room temperature 30 minutes or refrigerate up to 6 hours. "\t"The Nellie Kuh Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 1 Servings1 tablespoon very finely chopped crystallized ginger1 tablespoon sugarLime wedge (for glass)2 ½ oz. rye whiskey1 oz. fresh lime juice½ oz. Ginger Syrup (click for recipe)¼ teaspoon orange-flower water|  Preparation Combine ginger and sugar on a small plate, rubbing together with your fingers to combine (should be sandy; this will help the ginger stick to rim. Rub the rim of a coupe glass with lime wedge and dip rim into ginger mixture to coat. Combine whiskey, lime juice, ginger syrup and orange blossom water in a cocktail shaker; fill shaker with ice and shake until outside of shaker is frosty, about 30 seconds. Strain into prepared glass. "\t"Grilled Sesame Shrimp with Herb Salad Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 ServingsShrimp1 pound large shrimp, peeled and deveined¼ cup fish sauce1 tablespoon toasted sesame oil2 teaspoons crushed red chile flakesKosher salt, freshly ground pepperSalad and Assembly1 tablespoon gochujang (Korean red pepper paste)2 tablespoons rice wine vinegar½ teaspoon toasted sesame oilKosher salt2 cups fresh parsley, mint, cilantro, or basil, torn if large2 medium carrots, peeled, julienned (about 1 cup)½ medium English cucumber, halved lengthwise and thinly sliced into half-moons (about 1 cup)2 large radishes, halved lengthwise and thinly sliced into half-moons (about ½ cup)1 teaspoon toasted sesame seeds, plus more for servingLime wedges, for serving|  Preparation ShrimpPrepare grill for medium-high heat. Whisk fish sauce, sesame oil, and chile flakes in small bowl; add shrimp and toss to coat. Set aside to marinate, 15 minutes.Lightly brush grill with oil. Season both sides of shrimp with salt and pepper and grill, turning once, until opaque throughout, about 4 minutes.Salad and AssemblyMeanwhile, whisk together gochujang, vinegar, and sesame oil in medium bowl. Add herbs, carrots, cucumber, and radishes and toss to combine; season with salt. Serve shrimp topped with salad and sprinkled with sesame seeds. "\t"Swordfish with Spinach, Golden Raisins, and Pine Nuts Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients  Servings4 cups spinach2 tablespoons golden raisins1 tablespoon pine nuts2 tablespoons olive oilFresh lemon juice3 ounces leftover swordfish from Seared Swordfish with Fennel and Endive (click here for recipe)|  Preparation Toss spinach, raisins, and pine nuts with olive oil and lemon juice. Break swordfish into pieces and serve on top of greens. "\t"Vintage Coffee Cocktail Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes 1 Servings1 14.9-oz. can Guinness1 tablespoon malt extract (optional)1 vanilla bean, split lengthwise1/2 cup heavy cream4 ounces hot freshly drawn espresso1 1/2 ounces Paddy old Irish whiskey1 teaspoon mild-flavored (light) molasses, plus more to tasteGround nutmeg (for serving)|  Preparation Combine Guinness and malt extract, if using, in a small saucepan; scrape in vanilla seeds and add pod. Bring to a boil, reduce heat, and simmer, swirling occasionally, until reduced by one-third, about 12 minutes; remove vanilla bean and let cool.Whisk cream and 1 ½ oz. Guinness reduction in a small bowl until slightly thickened.Stir espresso, whiskey, and molasses in an Irish coffee glass until molasses is dissolved. Top with Guinness whipped cream and nutmeg. "\t"Beet and Arugula Salad with Quinoa, Avocado, and Sunflower Seeds Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients  Servings¼ cup leftover beets from Beet and Escarole Salad with Avocado and Walnuts (click here for recipe)3 cups arugula¼ cup quinoaOlive oilLemon2 ounces (¼ large) ounce avocado1 ounce goat cheese1 tablespoon sunflower seeds|  Preparation Toss beets with arugula, quinoa, olive oil, and lemon. Top with avocado, goat cheese, and sunflower seeds. "\t"Tofu Cabbage Salad with Kimchi Miso Dressing and Peanuts Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients  Servings2 cups shredded cabbage1 cup shredded carrots4 ounces leftover tofu from Brussels Sprouts and Tofu Stir-Fry (click here for recipe)2 tablespoons Kimchi Miso Dressing (click here for recipe)¼ cup cilantro1 tablespoon chopped peanuts|  Preparation Toss cabbage, carrots, and tofu with dressing. Top with cilantro and peanuts. "\t"The Blind Abbot Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes 1 Servings1 1/2 ounces Tullamore Dew Irish whiskey1 ounce chilled freshly brewed coffee3/4 ounce Galliano Ristretto1/2 ounce Cinnamon Syrup (click for recipe)3 dashes Angostura bittersWhipped cream and ground cinnamon (for serving)|  Preparation Combine whiskey, coffee, liqueur, cinnamon syrup, and bitters in a cocktail shaker; fill shaker with ice. Shake until outside of shaker is frosty, about 30 seconds. Strain into an Irish coffee glass and top with whipped cream and cinnamon. "\t"Benicea Boy Irish Coffee Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes 1 Servings4 teaspoons demerara sugar6 ounces hot freshly brewed coffee1 1/2 ounces blended Irish whiskey (such as Jameson)Whipped cream and ground nutmeg (for serving)|  Preparation Stir sugar and 4 teaspoons hot water in a small bowl until sugar is dissolved.Stir demerara syrup, coffee and whiskey in a glass to combine and top with whipped cream and nutmeg. "\t"Rhubarb Cornmeal Crumb Cake Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 12 ServingsCrumb Topping½ cup all-purpose flour½ cup cornmeal¼ cup granulated sugar2 tablespoons light brown sugar½ teaspoon baking powder¼ teaspoon kosher salt3 tablespoons chilled unsalted butter, cut into pieces1 large egg, beaten to blendCake and Assembly½ cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, room temperature, plus more for pan1 cup all-purpose flour, plus more for pan1 ½ pound rhubarb, trimmed, sliced 1/4" thick (about 5 cups)1 tablespoon grated peeled ginger¾ cup granulated sugar, divided1 1/3 cups cornmeal2 teaspoons baking powder1 teaspoon kosher salt1 cup whole milk½ cup plain whole-milk Greek yogurt½ cup (packed) light brown sugar4 large egg yolks|  Preparation Crumb ToppingWhisk flour, cornmeal, granulated sugar, brown sugar, baking powder, and salt in a medium bowl. Using your fingers, work in butter until pieces are the size of small peas. Using a fork, mis in egg until mixture comes together in varying size clumps. Cover and chill.DO AHEAD: Crumb can be made 3 days ahead. Cover and chill.Cake and AssemblyPreheat oven to 350°. Lightly butter and flour a 13-by-9" baking dish. Toss rhubarb, ginger, and ¼ cup granulated sugar in a medium bowl.Whisk cornmeal, baking powder, salt, and 1 cup flour in another medium bowl. Whisk milk and yogurt in a small bowl.Using an electric mixer on medium-high speed, beat brown sugar, remaining ½ cup sugar, and 1/2 cup butter until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Add egg yolks one at a time, beating to blend between additions.Reduce speed to low and add dry ingredients in 3 additions, alternating with milk mixture in 2 additions, beginning and ending with dry ingredients. Fold in rhubarb mixture. Scrape batter into prepared pan and scatter crumble topping over.Bake cake until golden brown and a tester inserted into the center comes out clean, 55–65 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack and let cool slightly. "\t"Strawberry-Pineapple Hotness Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes 1 Servings2 strawberries, hulled, halved2 teaspoons sugar2 ounces vodka2 ounces pineapple juice½ teaspoon adobo sauce from canned chipotle chiles in adobo saucePineapple slice (for serving)|  Preparation Muddle strawberries and sugar in a cocktail shaker. Add vodka, pineapple juice, and adobo sauce; fill shaker with ice. Shake until outside of shaker is frosty, about 30 seconds. Strain into a rocks glass filled with ice and garnish with pineapple slice. "\t"Thanksgiving Butterball with Salt and Maple Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes ½ cup½ cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, room temperature2 tablespoons pure maple syrup½ teaspoon kosher salt|  Preparation Stir mix-ins into butter in a small bowl. Cover and chill until ready to use (up to 3 days). Bring to room temperature before serving so butter is easy to spread. Or, if using molds, press butter into molds while still soft and chill until firm. Unmold just before serving. "\t"Sundaes with Cornbread Crumble Recipe Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 servings½ cup (1 stick) unsalted butter1 pound baked store-bought cornbread, crumbled (about 4 cups)A pinch of kosher salt6 tablespoons raw sugar, divided8 ounces fresh blackberries, halved crosswise if large1 pint vanilla ice cream|  Preparation Preheat oven to 400°. Cook butter in a large saucepan over medium heat, swirling pan and stirring occasionally to prevent solids from sticking to bottom, until butter foams and then browns, 5–8 minutes. Remove from heat; add cornbread, salt, and 4 Tbsp sugar and fold gently until cornbread is evenly coated.Spread out on a rimmed baking sheet and bake until crumbs are golden brown, 10–15 minutes (crumbs will look wet but will crisp and dry out as they cool). Let cool.Meanwhile, combine berries and remaining 2 Tbsp sugar in a large bowl. Let berries sit, tossing occasionally and mashing a few with a spoon, until some juices accumulate, 15–20 minutes.Divide ice cream among small bowls and spoon berries plus juices over top. Sprinkle with some of cornbread crumble.Do Ahead: Crumble can be made 3 days ahead. Store airtight at room temperature. "\t"Cod with Romesco Sauce, Hazelnuts, Lemon, and Parsley Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 servingsRomesco⅓ cup blanched hazelnuts6 tablespoons olive oil, dividedKosher salt4 red bell peppers1 medium tomato, halved crosswise, seeded2 garlic cloves, finely grated2 tablespoons sherry vinegar½ teaspoon hot smoked Spanish paprika¼ teaspoon cayenne pepperFish and Assembly4 6-ounce skinless cod fillets2 tablespoons olive oil, plus more for servingKosher salt2 teaspoons finely grated lemon zest2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice2 cups parsley leaves with tender stems|  Preparation RomescoPreheat oven to 350º. Toast hazelnuts on a rimmed baking sheet, tossing once, until golden brown and fragrant, 7–10 minutes; let cool. Smash hazelnuts in a mortar and pestle until very coarsely ground. (Alternatively, you can crush using the bottom of a mug or small saucepan.) Transfer to a small bowl. Stir in 2 Tbsp oil and season with salt; set aside.Place a rack in upper third of oven and heat broiler. Broil peppers and tomatoes, skin side up, on a rimmed baking sheet, turning peppers occasionally, until charred all around and flesh is soft, 12–15 minutes.Slip off tomato skins; discard. Transfer peppers to a medium bowl and cover with plastic wrap so they can steam a bit (this extends the cooking and also makes the charred peels easier to remove). Peel peppers (flesh should feel slippery) and discard seeds; coarsely chop. Transfer peppers and tomatoes to a mortar and pestle and smash, covering the mortar slightly with your hands to prevent juices from splattering everywhere, until mixture achieves a saucy consistency. (You can also do this by pulsing in a food processor.)Transfer romesco sauce to a clean medium bowl. Add garlic, vinegar, paprika, cayenne, and remaining ¼ cup oil; season with salt and let sit 15 minutes.Fish and AssemblyPreheat oven to 350°. Place fish a rimmed baking sheet and rub with with 2 Tbsp oil; season with salt on both sides. Bake fish until cooked through and a paring knife can easily slip through flesh, 10–12 minutes. Top with zest while fish is hot.Toss parsley, lemon juice, a drizzle of oil, and a pinch of salt in a small bowl. Spoon romesco onto plates, then spoon reserved oily hazelnuts over sauce. Arrange fish over, then top with parsley mixture. "\t"Pork with Nuoc Cham Recipe Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 servings2 tablespoons fresh lime juice2 tablespoons fish sauce½ teaspoon sugar1 small garlic clove, finely chopped1 tablespoon finely chopped cilantro stems, plus leaves for serving2 1-inch-thick boneless pork shoulder steaks (about 1 pound each)Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper2 tablespoons olive oil|  Preparation Prepare a grill for medium heat. Whisk lime juice, fish sauce, sugar, and 1 Tbsp water in a small bowl until sugar is dissolved. Stir in garlic and cilantro stems; set nuoc cham aside.Place pork on a rimmed baking sheet and season generously on both sides with salt and pepper, then drizzle with oil and turn pork to coat. Grill, turning often and moving around on grill to prevent flare-ups, until lightly charred all over and an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center registers 140° for medium), 12–15 minutes. Transfer meat to a cutting board and let rest 10 minutes before slicing.Spoon some of nuoc cham over pork and top with cilantro leaves. Serve remaining sauce alongside. "\t"Kombucha-Vodka Cocktail Recipe Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes 11½ ounces vodka¾ ounce fresh lime juice2 teaspoons simple syrup3 ounces ginger-flavored kombuchaLime wedge (for serving)|  Preparation Combine vodka, lime juice, and simple syrup in an ice-filled glass. Top with kombucha and garnish with a lime wedge. "\t"The Retox Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 1 Servings2 ounces whiskey2 ounces apple cider1 ounce apple cider vinegar1 teaspoon pure maple syrup1/8 teaspoon cayenne pepperA few dashes angostura bittersOrange twist (for garnish)|  Preparation Combine apple cider, whiskey, vinegar, maple syrup, and cayenne in a cocktail shaker; fill shaker with ice. Shake until outside of shaker is frosty, about 30 seconds. Strain into a rocks glass filled with ice, top with bitters, and garnish with orange twist. "\t"Sweet Potato Hummus Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 8 servings1 large sweet potato (about 1½ pounds), peeled, cut into large pieces (about 3 cups)2 garlic cloves, smashedOlive oil (for drizzling)3 tablespoons pure tahini or tahini butter1½ teaspoons kosher salt, plus more1 lime, halved|  Preparation Place a rack in upper third of oven and preheat to 375°. Scatter sweet potato and garlic across a parchment-lined baking sheet, generously drizzle with oil, and toss to coat. Roast, tossing halfway through, until garlic is golden brown and sweet potato is tender and browned in a few spots, 40–45 minutes.Let vegetables cool slightly, then transfer to a food processor or blender and purée until smooth. Add tahini and 1½ tsp salt and squeeze in juice from lime; pulse to incorporate. With motor running, gradually add 1 cup water. Mixture should be the consistency of hummus; add a little more water if needed. Taste and season with more salt if needed.Do Ahead: Hummus can be made 3 ahead. Cover and chill. Bring to room temperature before serving. "\t"Rye and Caraway Crackers Recipe Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 8 servings¾ teaspoon caraway seeds¾ cup all-purpose flour3 tablespoons olive oil2 tablespoons rye flour½ teaspoon kosher saltFlaky sea saltSpecial EquipmentA spice mill or mortar and pestle|  Preparation Preheat oven to 400°. Grind caraway seeds in spice mill or with mortar and pestle until coarsely ground. Transfer to a food processor. Add all-purpose flour, oil, rye flour, and kosher salt and process to combine. With the motor running, pour in ¼ cup water and continue to process until mixture resembles wet sand.Transfer dough a clean work surface and knead until smooth, about 2 minutes. Roll out dough until you can almost see through it (about 14x9"). Transfer to a parchment-lined rimmed baking sheet. Dough might be an irregular shape, but that’s fine; just trim any excess so it fits on sheet. Sprinkle dough with sea salt.Bake cracker until golden brown, 14–16 minutes. Let cool before breaking into irregular pieces. "\t"Homemade Vinegar Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes about 1 cup1½ cups dry red wine (or white wine)½ cup raw apple cider vinegar|  Preparation The most surefire way to make vinegar is by using a vinegar mother (you can order one online). The next best way to make it is to use a heavy dose of unfiltered raw vinegar (like Bragg’s Cider Vinegar) to start a fermentation. The “mother” may not be visible in the vinegar (it will resemble a small jellyfish), but the raw vinegar should trigger a new fermentation once mixed with new wine. This should help grow a new visible mother as well as a pellicle (a thin layer of cellulose that acts as a barrier between the air and the vinegar while it ferments). Transferring the mother, along with a layer of the pellicle, will both work to quickly start new fermentations in the future.Combine wine and vinegar in a nonreactive (preferably glass) container. Top with cheesecloth or a clean kitchen towel; secure with a rubber band. Let sit in a dark place, stirring and tasting occasionally (like every few days), until it tastes fully vinegar-y (this could take from several weeks to several months). Along the way it might smell sort of weird, skunky, or maybe like nail polish remover as ours did for days on end. Don’t give up, just keep going. When your vinegar tastes as sharply acidic as your store-bought stuff does, you are ready to bottle it.Pour off three-quarters of vinegar into a clean, airtight bottle with as little empty space as possible. You can continue to age it in the bottle where its aroma and flavor should continue to improve. (Oxygen helps convert alcohol into acetic acid, but once all the alcohol is consumed, exposure to oxygen should be limited as much as possible.) You can now add more wine to the mother and pellicle left behind to start a new batch. "\t"Shrimp Scampi Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 servings4 garlic cloves, 2 grated, 2 thinly sliced1 teaspoon kosher salt3 tablespoons olive oil, divided1 pound large shrimp, peeled, deveined¼ teaspoon red pepper flakes¼ cup dry white wine1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice¼ cup (½ stick) unsalted butter3 tablespoons chopped parsleyWarm crusty bread (for serving)|  Preparation Whisk grated garlic, salt, and 1 Tbsp oil in a medium bowl. Add shrimp, toss to coat, and chill, uncovered, at least 30 minutes and up to 1 hour.Heat remaining 2 Tbsp oil in a large skillet over medium and cook shrimp mixture, being careful not to let shrimp or garlic brown, until shrimp is pink but still slightly underdone, about 1 minute per side. Transfer to a plate with a slotted spoon, leaving as much oil in pan as possible. Add sliced garlic and red pepper to skillet and cook, tossing, until fragrant, about 1 minute. Add wine and lemon juice and cook, stirring occasionally, until reduced by half, about 2 minutes. Add butter and cook, stirring and swirling pan occasionally, until butter is melted and sauce is thickened, about 5 minutes more.Scrape shrimp along with any accumulated juices into skillet. Toss to coat and cook until shrimp are fully cooked through, about 2 minutes. Transfer to a platter, top with parsley, and serve with bread for dipping alongside. "\t"Ginger-Miso Grilled Asparagus Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 servings¼ cup plus 2 tablespoons mirin (sweet Japanese rice wine)¼ cup white miso2 tablespoons seasoned rice wine vinegar2 teaspoons freshly grated peeled ginger2 bunches asparagus (about 2 pounds), trimmedLime wedges, thinly sliced scallions, and toasted sesame seeds (for serving)|  Preparation Prepare a grill for high heat. Whisk mirin, miso, vinegar, and ginger in a small bowl. Place asparagus in a pie plate or small baking dish and pour miso mixture over. Toss to coat.Grill asparagus, turning occasionally, until charred on all sides and crisp-tender, 4–5 minutes. Transfer to a platter. Squeeze lime juice over, then top with scallions and sesame seeds. "\t"Smashed Cherry Tomatoes and Cucumbers with Lime and Mint Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 servings4 medium Persian cucumbers2 pints cherry tomatoes¼ cup fresh lime juice, divided¼ cup olive oil, dividedFlaky sea salt2 teaspoons crushed dried mint|  Preparation Make a diagonal cut on 1 end of cucumber; discard piece. Roll cucumber a quarter turn toward you, then cut again on the diagonal about 1" from cut end (we call this a roll cut in culinary school) so piece has 2 angled ends. Repeat until cucumber is chopped, then do the same with remaining cucumbers. Gently smash tomatoes with a mug or small saucepan until flesh starts to break apart.Place tomatoes and cucumbers in 2 separate medium bowls. Divide lime juice and oil between bowls and toss to coat; season generously with salt. Transfer tomatoes and cucumbers to a small platter and top with mint. "\t"Smooth and Spicy Almond Sauce Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes about 1½ cups1 ½-inch piece ginger, peeled, coarsely chopped1 cup smooth almond butter1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice1 tablespoon honey1 teaspoon smoked paprika⅛ teaspoon cayenne pepperKosher salt, freshly ground pepper|  Preparation Pulse ginger in a food processor until finely chopped. Add almond butter, lemon juice, honey, paprika, cayenne, and ⅓ cup ice-cold water and pulse, adding more water by the tablespoonful to thin if needed, until smooth. Season with salt and pepper.Do Ahead: Almond sauce can be made 3 days ahead; cover and chill. Bring to room temperature before using. "\t"Barbecue Apple Milk Punch Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 12 Servings1 ½ cups apple brandy (preferably Laird’s)1 ½ cups gin (preferably CapRock)1 ½ cups maple liqueur (preferably Green Mountain)1 ½ cups mescal (preferably El Buho)1 ½ cups fresh lemon juice1 ½ cups Apple Cider Syrup (click for recipe)Tabasco smoked chipotle hot sauce (optional)3 cups whole milkSpecial equipmentCheesecloth|  Preparation Combine brandy, gin, liqueur, mezcal, lemon juice, and syrup in a large pitcher.Bring milk to a bare simmer in a medium saucepan. Immediately pour milk into brandy mixture (milk will curdle right away). Cover and chill at least 1 hour and up to 24 hours.Strain mixture through a fine-mesh sieve lined with cheesecloth into a large bowl. Cover and chill until cold (any remaining curds should settle at the bottom of the pitcher).Carefully ladle clarified punch into a clean pitcher, leaving any remaining curds behind. Chill until ready to serve.Do aheadPunch base can be made 1 week ahead. Keep chilled. "\t"Butterballs Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes 18 cookies1 cup pecans½ cup (1 stick) unsalted butter2 tablespoons powdered sugar, plus more for dusting1 tablespoon rum½ teaspoon kosher salt½ teaspoon vanilla extract¾ cup all-purpose flour|  Preparation Arrange racks in upper and lower thirds of oven; preheat oven to 350°. Toast pecans on a rimmed baking sheet until slightly darker and very fragrant, 6–8 minutes. Let cool slightly, then pulse in a food processor until very finely chopped.Using an electric mixer on medium-high speed, beat butter and 2 Tbsp powdered sugar in a large bowl (this can also be done by hand) until well combined. Add rum, salt, and vanilla and beat until smooth. Add flour and pecans, then beat on low speed until just combined.Roll tablespoonfuls of dough into balls with your hands. Place on 2 parchment-lined baking sheets, spacing at least 1" apart.Bake cookies, rotating sheets halfway through, until golden brown and firm around the edges, 15–18 minutes. Let cool, then roll in more powdered sugar, knocking off any excess.Do Ahead: Cookies, before rolling in sugar, can be made 2 months ahead; store airtight and freeze. "\t"Balsamic Dressing Recipe Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes about 1 cup½ red Thai chile, finely chopped, or ¼ teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes1 garlic clove, finely grated¼ cup balsamic vinegar¼ cup whole-milk Greek yogurt3 tablespoons olive oil1 teaspoon honey1 teaspoon kosher salt|  Preparation Mix chile, garlic, vinegar, yogurt, oil, honey, and salt in a pint-sized jar, seal, and shake vigorously until dressing is smooth and no lumps of yogurt remain, about 20 seconds.Do Ahead: Dressing can be made 3 days ahead. Cover and chill. "\t"Arugula Gimlet Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes 12 ounces gin¾ ounce fresh lime juice½ ounce simple syrup1 cup arugulaLime wheel (for serving)|  Preparation Combine gin, lime juice, and simple syrup in a cocktail shaker. Fill partway with ice, then top with arugula. Cover and shake vigorously until the outside of shaker is very cold, about 20 seconds. Strain through a very fine-mesh sieve into a coupe glass; garnish with lime wheel. "\t"Seasonal Milk Punch Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 16 ServingsZest of 1 lemon, removed with a peelerZest of 1 lime, removed with a peelerZest of 1 orange, removed with a peeler½ cup granulated sugar½ cup (packed) light brown sugar8 dashes orange bitters1 750-ml bottle bourbon1 750-ml bottle dark rum1 cup fresh lemon juice1 cup fresh lime juice1 cup fresh orange juice8 cups whole milk|  Preparation Using a wooden spoon, muddle lemon zest, lime zest, orange zest, granulated sugar, and brown sugar in a medium bowl until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Add Port and bitters and let sit 15 minutes. Stir in bourbon, rum, lemon juice, lime juice, orange juice, and 1 cup water.Bring milk to a bare simmer in a medium saucepan. Immediately pour milk into Cognac mixture (milk will curdle right away). Cover and chill at least 1 hour and up to 24 hours.Strain mixture through a fine-mesh sieve lined with cheesecloth into a large bowl. Cover and chill until cold (any remaining curds should settle at the bottom of the pitcher).Carefully ladle clarified punch into a clean pitcher, leaving any remaining curds behind. Chill until ready to serve.Do aheadPunch base can be made 1 week ahead. Keep chilled. "\t"Miso Chicken Noodle Soup Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 servings1 3x5-inch piece kombu¾ ounce bonito flakes (about 1½ packed cups)2 medium carrots, cut into ¼-inch coins2 ounces tiny star pasta (about ⅓ cup) or other small pasta shapeKosher salt1 cup shredded rotisserie chicken or any other cooked leftover chicken¼ cup white misoLeaves from 4 celery heart stalks (about ½ cup; for serving)|  Preparation Combine kombu and 4 cups water in a large pot. Let sit until kombu softens, 25–30 minutes. Bring to a simmer over medium heat. Immediately remove from heat once water starts simmering; fish out kombu and discard. Add bonito flakes and stir once to submerge them. Bring to a gentle boil, reduce heat, and simmer about 5 minutes. Remove from heat and let steep 15 minutes (this ensures you get the most flavorful broth, or dashi, possible). Strain dashi through a fine-mesh strainer into a medium bowl. Discard solids, wipe out pot, and return dashi to pot.Cook carrots and pasta together in a separate pot of boiling salted water until pasta is al dente and carrots are tender, about 4 minutes. Drain, rinse under cold water, then drain thoroughly again. Add to pot with dashi along with chicken and bring to a simmer. Remove from heat. Submerge sieve in liquid, add miso to sieve, and stir to liquefy miso, then press through strainer until miso is dissolved.Divide soup among bowls. Top with celery leaves. "\t"Cheesy Monkey Bread Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 servings½ pound Monterey Jack1 ounce Parmesan¼ cup (½ stick) cold unsalted butter1 shallot, chopped4 garlic cloves, finely chopped¼ cup finely chopped parsley¼ teaspoon crushed red pepper flakesKosher salt; freshly ground pepper1 pound cold pizza dough, cut into 1-inch piecesNonstick vegetable oil spray|  Preparation Coarsely shred both cheeses on the large holes of a box grater. Coarsely shred butter on the large holes of box grater. Toss cheeses, butter, shallot, garlic, parsley, and red pepper in a medium bowl; season generously with salt and pepper. Transfer one-third of cheese mixture to a small bowl; set aside. Add dough pieces, a few at a time, to remaining cheese mixture in original bowl and toss gently to coat.Lightly coat a medium skillet with nonstick spray. Arrange dough in skillet in an even layer; pour any leftover cheese mixture in bowl over. Let sit in a warm place until beginning to puff slightly, 30–40 minutes.Meanwhile, preheat oven to 375°. Bake bread until top is lightly browned and cheese is melted, 18–22 minutes. Top bread with reserved cheese mixture. Continue to bake until edges of bread are golden brown and firm and cheese is melted and oozing, 10–15 minutes more. Serve hot. "\t"Vanilla Soy Vegan Ice Cream Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes 1 quart1 pound silken tofu½ cup plus 2 tablespoons organic or granulated sugar½ teaspoon kosher salt1 vanilla bean, split lengthwise¾ cup refined coconut oil, melted, cooled slightlySpecial EquipmentAn ice cream maker|  Preparation Place tofu, sugar, and salt in a blender. Scrape in seeds from vanilla bean; reserve pod for another use. Purée until smooth, about 15 seconds. With the motor running on medium speed, slowly stream in oil and purée until thick and creamy, being careful not to overblend or mixture will curdle.Immediately process tofu mixture in ice cream maker according to manufacturer’s directions. (Head’s up: this will take longer than a traditional dairy-based custard to reach soft-serve consistency.) Do not chill before processing or oil will harden into tiny bits and texture will be grainy.Transfer to an airtight container and press plastic wrap directly onto surface. Freeze until firm, at least 4 hours.Do Ahead: Ice cream can be made 1 month ahead; keep frozen. "\t"The Layaway Cocktail Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes 12 ounces spiced rum2 ounces strong black coffee, room temperature½ ounce fresh lemon juice4 ounces ginger beer|  Preparation Combine rum, coffee, and lemon juice in a cocktail shaker. Fill shaker with ice, cover, and shake vigorously until outside of shaker begins to get cold, about 10 seconds.  Strain into a chilled coupe glass and top with ginger beer. "\t"Gluten-Free Oat and Buckwheat Pancakes Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes about 20¼ cup (½ stick) unsalted butter, plus more for pan2 cups buttermilk1 cup old-fashioned oats (not quick-cooking)2 large eggs½ cup buckwheat flour2 tablespoons ground flaxseeds1 tablespoon sugar1 teaspoon baking powder1 teaspoon baking soda½ teaspoon kosher saltPure maple syrup (for serving)|  Preparation Preheat oven to 200°. Melt ¼ cup butter in a small saucepan over medium heat and cook, stirring often, until butter foams, then browns (do not burn), 4–5 minutes. Let cool slightly.Meanwhile, purée buttermilk and oats in a blender until smooth. Add eggs, buckwheat flour, flaxseeds, sugar, baking powder, baking soda, and salt. Blend on high 30 seconds. Add butter and blend just to combine.Heat a large nonstick skillet over medium. Coat very lightly with butter. Working in batches, scoop about 3 tablespoonfuls of batter per pancake into skillet and cook until bottoms are golden brown and tops are evenly covered with bubbles, about 3 minutes. Turn and cook until cooked through and undersides are golden, about 2 minutes. Keep warm in oven and serve with plenty of syrup.Do Ahead: Pancakes can be made 2 weeks ahead; wrap in plastic and freeze. "\t"Thyme-Roasted Walnuts Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 8 Servings2 cups walnuts, very coarsely chopped2 tablespoons olive oil1 tablespoon chopped thyme½ teaspoon kosher salt|  Preparation Preheat oven to 350°. Toss walnuts, oil, thyme, and salt on a rimmed baking sheet until salt and thyme are evenly distributed. Bake until walnuts are golden brown and fragrant, 10–15 minutes.Do Ahead: Walnuts can be made 8 hours ahead. Store in an airtight container at room temperature. "\t"Miso Caramel Apple Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes 4 Servings½ cup raw pistachios1½ teaspoons plus 1 cup sugar3 tablespoons sesame seeds2 tablespoons white miso, divided4 medium Granny Smith apples (about 1⅓ pounds)Nonstick vegetable oil spray2 tablespoons light corn syrup¼ cup heavy cream¼ teaspoon kosher saltSpecial Equipment4 ice-pop sticks|  Preparation Preheat oven to 275°. Pulse pistachios and 1½ tsp sugar in a food processor until nuts are the size of split peas. Add sesame seeds and 1 Tbsp miso; continue to pulse until incorporated and no clumps of miso remain. Spread evenly on a rimmed baking sheet. Bake until lightly browned, 15–20 minutes; let cool.Meanwhile, insert ice-pop sticks into top of each apple, then push into center of apple. Spray a large plate or small baking sheet with nonstick spray.Bring corn syrup, 1 cup sugar, and 2 Tbsp water to a boil in a medium saucepan, stirring to dissolve sugar. Continue to boil, brushing down sides of pan with a damp pastry brush and swirling pan occasionally (do not stir), until caramel is light amber, 5–7 minutes.Carefully add cream and salt and whisk to combine; caramel will bubble up vigorously and may seize, but will become smooth again after whisking. Transfer to a medium bowl. Working quickly, whisk remaining 1 Tbsp miso into caramel. Tilt bowl so caramel pools on 1 side. Coat sides and bottom of each apple with sauce, letting excess drip back into bowl. Roll base of apples in pistachio mixture, then transfer to prepared plate. Let cool 30 minutes.Do Ahead: Apples can be assembled 1 day ahead; cover loosely with plastic wrap and chill. Let come to room temperature before serving. "\t"Mexican Hot Chocolate Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 Servings3 cups whole milk3 tablespoons crushed cinnamon sticks (preferably Ceylon)6 ounces semisweet chocolate (preferably Scharffen Berger), finely chopped3 tablespoons demerara or granulated sugar¾ teaspoon vanilla extractPinch of kosher salt¼ teaspoon ground chile de árbol or cayenne pepper, plus more for servingLightly sweetened whipped cream (for serving)|  Preparation Bring milk and cinnamon to a simmer in a medium saucepan over medium-low heat, whisking occasionally and making sure milk doesn’t boil, until cinnamon is floral and fragrant, about 10 minutes. Whisk in chocolate, sugar, vanilla, salt, and ¼ tsp ground chile and cook, whisking frequently, until mixture is smooth and creamy and chocolate is melted, about 5 minutes.Divide hot chocolate among mugs. Top with whipped cream and dust with cocoa powder. "\t"So Fresh and So Green Cocktail Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes 1 Servings4 sage leaves1 teaspoon sugar5 ⅛-inch-thick cucumber slices1 large egg white1½ ounces gin½ ounce fresh lemon juice½ ounce simple syrup¼ ounce St-Germain (elderflower liqueur)Aromatic bitters (such as Angostura)|  Preparation Muddle sage leaves, sugar, and 4 cucumber slices in a cocktail shaker. Add egg white, gin, lemon juice, simple syrup, St-Germain, and a dash of bitters. Cover and shake vigorously until egg white is very frothy, about 1 minute.Fill shaker with ice and shake vigorously until outside is frosty, about 1 minute. Pour into a coupe glass and garnish with remaining cucumber slice. "\t"Carrot Hummus Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 6 Servings1 tablespoon caraway seeds1 tablespoon coriander seeds1 tablespoon cumin seeds6 tablespoons olive oil, divided, plus more for drizzling½ pound carrots, choppedKosher salt, freshly ground pepper1 15-ounce can chickpeas, drained2 garlic cloves, finely grated½ cup carrot juice or water¼ cup natural smooth peanut butter2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice¼ cup unsalted, roasted peanuts1 tablespoon honey2 canned chipotle chiles in adobo, plus 2 tablespoons adobo sauceSpecial EquipmentA spice mill or mortar and pestle|  Preparation Toast caraway and coriander seeds in a small skillet over medium heat, swirling pan often and adding cumin seeds during the last 30 seconds of cooking, until fragrant, about 2 minutes. Let cool, then grind finely in spice mill or with mortar and pestle.Heat 2 Tbsp oil in a medium saucepan over medium. Add carrots, season with salt and pepper, and cook, stirring occasionally, until carrots are tender, 6–8 minutes. Add chickpeas and one-third of the spice mixture; cook, stirring occasionally, until carrots are completely tender, about 5 minutes. Let cool slightly.Transfer carrot mixture to a blender and add garlic, carrot juice, peanut butter, lemon juice, and 4 Tbsp oil; blend until smooth. Season with salt and pepper.Toast peanuts in a small skillet over medium heat, tossing occasionally, until lightly browned, about 2 minutes. Add honey and half of the remaining spice mixture; cook, stirring, until honey is caramelized and darker in color and pan is mostly dry, 5–8 minutes. Transfer peanut mixture to a parchment-lined rimmed baking sheet, spread in a single layer, and let cool. Coarsely chop.Meanwhile, blend chiles and adobo with remaining spice mixture in blender until smooth, adding water as necessary to thin. Serve hummus with adobo harissa dolloped in the center; sprinkle with peanuts. Drizzle with oil.Do Ahead: Hummus can be made 3 days ahead. Cover and chill. Bring to room temperature before serving. "\t"Sparkling Grapefruit Cocktail Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes 1 Servings1 large ruby red or pink grapefruit¼ cup sugar2 ounces gin (preferably Hendricks)½ ounce fresh lemon juice1 sprig tarragon2 ounces French sparkling wine (such as Crémant de Bourgogne)Ruby red or pink grapefruit wedge (for serving)|  Preparation Remove zest, along with some of the white pith, from grapefruit in wide strips with a vegetable peeler. Bring sugar and ¼ cup water to a boil in a small saucepan, swirling constantly, until sugar dissolves. Remove from heat and add grapefruit zest, pushing down to submerge. Let sit 30 minutes, then strain through a fine-mesh sieve into a measuring cup.Combine gin, lemon juice, tarragon, and ½ ounce syrup in a cocktail shaker. Fill shaker with ice, cover, and shake vigorously until outside of shaker is very cold, about 20 seconds.Strain cocktail into an old-fashioned or rocks glass filled with ice. Top with sparkling wine and garnish with grapefruit wedge.Do Ahead: Syrup can be made 1 week ahead; cover and chill. "\t"Citrus Crumble with Coconut and Nuts Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 servings¼ cup coconut sugar2 teaspoons virgin coconut oil, melted¼ teaspoon kosher salt¼ cup raw pistachios¼ cup sliced almonds2 tablespoons raw pumpkin seeds (pepitas)½ cup unsweetened coconut flakes4 mixed citrus fruits, such as grapefruits, blood oranges, cara cara oranges, and/or mandarin oranges|  Preparation Preheat oven to 275°. Whisk coconut sugar and 1 Tbsp water in a small bowl until sugar is dissolved (this might take a couple minutes). Set aside 1 Tbsp coconut syrup.Add coconut oil and salt to remaining syrup and stir to combine. Toss pistachios, almonds, pepitas, and coconut oil mixture on a parchment- or silpat-lined rimmed baking sheet. Fold in coconut flakes.Bake crumble, stirring occasionally, until golden brown, 22–28 minutes. Let cool.Remove peel and pith from citrus and slice into rounds. Drizzle with reserved 1 Tbsp coconut syrup, then top with crumble.Do Ahead: Crumble can be made 2 weeks ahead; store in an airtight container at room temperature. "\t"Smashed Potato Salad with Chorizo, Aioli, and Scallions Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 6 Servings2 pounds small waxy red-skinned potatoesKosher salt¾ cup plus 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, divided1 medium onion, finely chopped¾ pound fresh Mexican chorizo or hot Italian sausage, casings removed1 large egg yolk1 garlic clove, finely grated2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice3 scallions, thinly sliced, dividedAncho chile powder (optional) and hot sauce (for serving)|  Preparation Preheat oven to 450°. Place potatoes in a large pot and pour in cold water to cover; season with salt. Bring to a boil; reduce heat and simmer until tender, 20–25 minutes. Drain and return to pot to dry out; let cool. Transfer to a rimmed baking sheet and flatten with your hands or the bottom of a mug. You want the skins to tear to expose some flesh; some may fall apart.Meanwhile, heat ¼ cup vegetable oil in a medium skillet over medium-high. Cook onion, stirring occasionally, until soft, about 5 minutes. Add chorizo; cook, breaking up with a spoon, until browned and cooked through, 5–7 minutes. Transfer to a fine-mesh sieve set over a measuring cup. Drain, pressing on solids, until you have about ¼ cup chorizo oil. Add ½ cup vegetable oil to chorizo oil to make ¾ cup total; set chorizo mixture aside separately.Whisk egg yolk, garlic, and 1 tsp water in a medium bowl to combine. Whisking constantly, gradually drizzle in chorizo oil, drop by drop at first; keep whisking until aioli is thickened and smooth. Whisk in lemon juice; season with salt.Drizzle potatoes with remaining 2 Tbsp vegetable oil and turn to coat; season with salt. Roast, tossing once, until golden and crisp on outer edges, 20–25 minutes; season with salt.Toss potatoes, half of aioli, half of scallions, and reserved chorizo mixture in a large bowl; season with salt if needed.Spread remaining aioli on a platter and arrange potato salad on top. Sprinkle with remaining scallions, then ancho chile powder, if using. Serve with hot sauce.Do Ahead: Potatoes can be boiled and smashed 1 day ahead; cover and chill. Chorizo mayonnaise can be made 1 day ahead; cover and chill. "\t"Pounded Lemongrass Chicken Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 Servings4 lemongrass stalks, tough outer layers removed, chopped1 medium shallot, chopped2 garlic cloves, chopped¼ cup fresh lime juice2 teaspoons fish sauce2 teaspoons light brown sugar½ teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes4 6-ounce skinless, boneless chicken breasts, pounded to ½-inch thicknessKosher salt, freshly ground pepper2 tablespoons vegetable oilLime wedges (for serving)|  Preparation ACTIVE: 20TOTAL: 50Process lemongrass, shallot, garlic, lime juice, fish sauce, brown sugar, and red pepper flakes in a food processor to a fine paste. Season chicken with salt and pepper and place in a resealable plastic bag. Add lemongrass mixture; chill at least 30 minutes.Heat oil in a large skillet over medium-high. Remove chicken from marinade, scraping off excess, and cook until golden brown, 6–8 minutes; turn and cook until cooked through, about 2 minutes longer.Serve chicken with lime wedges for squeezing over.Do Ahead: Chicken can be marinated 2 days ahead. Keep chilled. "\t"Pork Chops with Leeks in Mustard Sauce Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 Servings4 1 1/2- to 2-inch-thick bone-in heritage pork rib chops2 teaspoons coarse kosher salt2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh rosemary1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper2 bacon slices, coarsely choppedOlive oil (optional)4 cups thinly sliced leeks (white and pale green parts only; about 3 large)3 garlic cloves, minced1/4 cup brandy1 cup low-salt chicken broth2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh sage2 tablespoons Dijon mustard1/3 cup crème fraîche or sour cream|  Preparation Pat chops dry with paper towels. Mix 2 teaspoons coarse salt, thyme, rosemary, and 1 teaspoon pepper in small bowl. Sprinkle seasoning mixture on both sides of chops. Let stand at room temperature 1 to 2 hours or wrap and chill up to 1 day.Heat heavy large skillet over medium heat. Add bacon and sauté until crisp and lightly browned. Using slotted spoon, transfer bacon to small bowl. Increase heat to medium-high. Add chops to skillet. Sear until brown, 4 to 5 minutes per side. Transfer chops to small baking sheet.Pour off all but 3 tablespoons drippings from skillet (or add olive oil to make 3 tablespoons). Add leeks and sauté until soft, about 7 minutes. Add garlic and stir 1 minute. Add brandy, then broth and bring to boil, scraping up browned bits. Return bacon to skillet; add sage and stir to blend.Nestle chops in leeks in skillet. Reduce heat to medium-low. Cover; simmer 3 minutes. Turn chops over. Cover; simmer until thermometer inserted into thickest part of chops registers 140°F to 145°F, about 3 minutes longer. Transfer chops to platter. Tent loosely with foil to keep warm.Spoon off any fat from cooking liquid in skillet. Boil until all liquid evaporates, about 3 minutes. Whisk in mustard, then crème fraîche; do not boil. Season with salt and pepper. Spoon over chops. "\t"Hound Dog Cocktail Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes 4 ServingsPeach Purée1 large or 2 small ripe peaches (about 8 ounces)Ginger Syrup¼ cup sugar2 tablespoons finely grated peeled gingerAssembly6 ounces bourbon2 ounces fresh lemon juiceMint sprigs and peach wedges (for serving)|  Preparation Peach PuréeUsing the tip of a paring knife, score an X in the bottom of peach. Cook in a small saucepan of boiling water just until skin begins to peel back where cut, about 30 seconds. Transfer to a bowl of ice water; let cool.Peel peach, remove pit, and coarsely chop. Purée peach with 3 Tbsp water in a blender until smooth. Strain through a fine-mesh sieve; discard solids (you should have about 4 oz.).Ginger SyrupCombine sugar, ginger, and ¼ cup hot water in a jar, cover, and shake vigorously until sugar is dissolved. Strain through a fine-mesh sieve into a small jar and chill.AssemblyFor each cocktail, combine 1½ oz. bourbon, 1 oz. peach purée, ½ oz. ginger syrup, and ½ oz. lemon juice in a cocktail shaker. Fill with ice, cover, and shake vigorously until outside of shaker is frosty, about 20 seconds. Strain into a rocks glass filled with ice. Garnish with a mint sprig and peach wedge. "\t"Labneh with Za'atar Oil Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes 2 cups1 garlic clove, finely grated2 cups labneh (Lebanese strained yogurt) or plain, whole-milk Greek yogurtKosher salt2 tablespoons olive oil1 tablespoon za'atarWarm pita (for serving)|  Preparation Mix garlic and labneh in a medium bowl; season with salt.Heat oil in a medium skillet over medium. Stir in za’atar and remove from heat. Let cool. Drizzle za’atar oil over labneh mixture and serve with warm pita.Do Ahead: Labneh can be made 1 day ahead. Keep chilled. "\t"Vanilla Cashew Vegan Ice Cream Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes 1 quart1 vanilla bean, split lengthwise1 cup raw cashews½ cup plus 2 tablespoons organic or granulated sugar½ teaspoon kosher salt1 cup refined coconut oil, melted, cooled slightlySpecial EquipmentAn ice cream maker|  Preparation Place vanilla bean and cashews in a large bowl and add 2 cups boiling water. Cover and let sit at room temperature at least 12 hours (hydrating the cashews thoroughly is key for a silky, smooth ice cream).Transfer cashews and their soaking liquid to a blender. Scrape in seeds from vanilla bean; discard pod. Add sugar, and salt. Purée until smooth, about 30 seconds. With the motor running on medium speed, slowly stream in oil and purée until thick and creamy.Immediately process cashew mixture in ice cream maker according to manufacturer’s directions. (Head’s up: this will take longer than a traditional dairy-based custard to reach soft-serve consistency.) Do not chill before processing or oil will harden into tiny bits and texture will be grainy.Transfer to an airtight container and press plastic wrap directly onto surface. Freeze until firm, at least 4 hours.Do Ahead: Cashews can be soaked 3 days ahead; cover and chill. Ice cream can be made 1 month ahead; keep frozen. "\t"BA's Best Slow-Cooker Beef Chili Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 6 Servings2 guajillo chiles1 dried ancho chile1 dried pasilla chile3 cups low-sodium chicken broth2 tablespoons olive oil, divided1 pound boneless beef chuck, cut into ½" pieces½ pound boneless beef short ribs, cut into ½" pieces½ brisket, cut into ½" piecesKosher salt, freshly ground black pepper2 yellow onions, finely chopped6 garlic cloves, finely chopped1 tablespoon ground cumin2 teaspoons dried oregano1 canned chipotle chile in adobo sauce, chopped (optional)1 12-ounce can lagerSour cream, shredded cheddar, chopped red onion, cilantro leaves, and chips (for serving)|  Preparation Toast guajillo, ancho, and pasilla chiles in a medium dry skillet over medium-high heat, turning occasionally and pressing down to help chiles make contact with the pan, until darkened in color and beginning to soften, about 3 minutes. Transfer to a heatproof bowl and cover with 2 cups boiling water; let sit 30 minutes to soften. Drain; discard seeds and stems. Working in batches if needed, purée chiles and broth in a blender until smooth, about 1 minute, and set aside.Heat 1 Tbsp oil in a large heavy pot over medium-high. Season chuck, short ribs, and brisket with salt and pepper. Working in batches, cook, stirring occasionally, until browned all over, about 5 minutes. Continue cooking until liquid accumulated in pot has evaporated, 8–10 minutes more. Transfer beef to a plate.Heat remaining 1 Tbsp oil in same pot, then add onions and garlic; season with salt and pepper. Cook, stirring often, until onions are softened, 6–8 minutes. Onion juices should help loosen any bits of beef stuck to bottom of pot, but if the surface looks too brown, add a splash of water and cook, stirring and scraping up browned bits. Add cumin, oregano, and chipotle, if using, and cook, stirring constantly, 1 minute.Transfer mixture to a 4–6-quart slow cooker. Add lager, reserved beef, and reserved chile purée, season with salt and pepper, and stir to combine. Cover and cook until meat is very tender, 7–8 hours on low or 4–5 hours on high. If liquid seems too thin, simmer until thickened to desired consistency.Taste and season with salt and pepper. Serve chili topped with sour cream, cheddar, red onion, cilantro leaves, and chips.Do ahead: Chili can be made up to 4 days ahead. Cover and refrigerate. Reheat gently over low heat, adding a splash of water to loosen, if needed. "\t"Hot Cross Buns Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes 12 Servings1 ¼-ounce envelope active dry yeast (about 2¼ teaspoons)2 tablespoons honey1 cup plus 4 teaspoons whole milk, warmed½ cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, room temperature, plus more2 large eggs1 large egg yolk¼ cup light brown sugar1 tablespoon vegetable oil2 teaspoons finely grated lemon zest2 teaspoons finely grated orange zest2 teaspoons vanilla extract1 teaspoon ground cinnamon½ teaspoon ground cardamom3½ cups plus 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour1½ teaspoons kosher salt1 cup mixed dried fruit, such as currants, raisins, chopped apricots, and/or candied citrus peel½ cup apricot jam, warmed, strained¾ cup powdered sugar|  Preparation Whisk yeast, honey, and 1 cup milk in the large bowl of a stand mixer. Let sit until foamy, about 5 minutes. Meanwhile, butter a large mixing bowl and a 13x9" baking dish; set aside.Whisk 1 egg, egg yolk, brown sugar, oil, zests, and vanilla into yeast mixture. Add cinnamon, cardamom, and 3½ cups flour and beat with dough hook on low speed until mixture starts to form a shaggy dough. Add salt and beat on medium until dough forms a ball around the hook, 1–2 minutes. Continue beating until dough is smooth and slightly tacky, about 5 minutes more. Add ½ cup butter, 1 Tbsp at a time, allowing dough to absorb each piece before adding the next, then beat until dough is supple, shiny, and elastic, about 5 minutes.Turn out dough onto a clean work surface and knead with your hands, incorporating remaining 2 Tbsp flour, until dough is very supple and tacky but not sticky, about 5 minutes. Transfer to prepared bowl and cover with plastic. Let dough sit in a warm place until doubled in size, 40–50 minutes.Turn dough out onto a clean work surface and pat down to ½" thick (the shape doesn’t matter). Scatter dried fruit over surface of dough and roll up into a log, starting at the end nearest you. Divide log into 12 equal pieces (if you’re using a scale, each piece should be a little less than 3½ oz.). Roll each piece into a smooth ball and arrange in prepared baking dish, spacing equally in a 4x3 grid. Cover dish tightly with plastic and let sit in a warm place until balls have nearly doubled in size and are touching, 30–40 minutes.Preheat oven to 350°. Beat remaining egg with 1 tsp water and brush over tops of buns. Bake buns until tops and bottoms are deep golden brown, 25–35 minutes. Let cool slightly in pan. Brush jam onto warm buns, then let cool until jam is set.Whisk powdered sugar and remaining 4 tsp milk in a small bowl until smooth. Transfer to a pastry bag or resealable plastic bag. Cut a small opening in 1 corner, then pipe crosses over each bun. Let sit until icing is set, at least 15 minutes.Do Ahead: Dough, without fruit, can be made 1 day ahead. Let rise at room temperature, then cover and chill. "\t"Del Posto's Tiramisu Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 8 ServingsSponge Cake4 large eggs, separated, room temperature1 cup sugar, divided½ cup all-purpose flour¼ cup cornstarchPinch of kosher saltMascarpone Cream and Assembly2 cups mascarpone½ cup sugar4 large egg yolks2 tablespoons dark rum2 tablespoons heavy creamPinch of kosher salt½ cup freshly brewed espresso or strong coffee, cooled, divided4 tablespoons unsweetened cocoa powder|  Preparation Sponge CakePreheat oven to 375°. Line a rimmed baking sheet with parchment paper.Using an electric mixer on low speed, beat egg whites in a large bowl until just combined. Slowly add ½ cup sugar, gradually increasing the speed to medium, and beat until a stiff meringue forms. Transfer to a medium bowl; chill until ready to use.Whip egg yolks, 2 Tbsp water, and remaining ½ cup sugar in the still-messy bowl you used for the meringue on high speed until a fluffy, ribbony mixture forms. Using a rubber spatula, gently add reserved meringue and fold until just combined. (Be nice. Streaks are fine. The less you manipulate this, the fluffier it will be later.)Sift flour, cornstarch, and salt into a medium bowl. Gently fold into egg mixture until no dry spots remain. Carefully transfer batter to prepared pan with spatula.Bake cake until top is golden brown and still soft to the touch, 7–10 minutes. Let cake cool completely in pan. Run a knife around sides of pan to release cake. Place a cutting board on top of pan. Invert cake onto board; remove pan and carefully peel away parchment. Using a serrated knife, cut cake in half crosswise.Mascarpone Cream and AssemblyUsing an electric mixer on low speed, beat mascarpone, sugar, egg yolks, rum, heavy cream, and salt in a large bowl. Gradually increase the speed to medium as mixture becomes stable and beat until soft peaks form, but don’t over-whip.Spread a thin layer of mascarpone cream in a shallow serving dish. Place one half of sponge cake on top. Using a squirt bottle or spoon, soak cake with ¼ cup espresso. Spread with half of remaining mascarpone cream, place second cake half on top, and soak again with remaining ¼ cup espresso. Don’t be stingy with the espresso, okay? Top with remaining mascarpone cream.Spoon cocoa powder into a double-layer of cheesecloth, pull together ends tightly to form a ball, and gently shake cocoa onto tiramisu until fully blanketed (alternately, place cocoa powder in a fine-mesh sieve and dust over tiramisu).Do Ahead: Cover tiramisu and store in refrigerator for up to 8 hours. "\t"BA’s Best Beignets Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes about 3 dozen¼ cup sugar1 ¼-oz. envelope active dry yeast (about 2¼ tsp)1 large egg, room temperature¼ cup buttermilk, slightly warmed¼ cup whole milk, slightly warmed1 teaspoon kosher salt½ teaspoon baking soda3¾ cups bread flour, plus more for surface¼ cup (½ stick) unsalted butter, cut into pieces, room temperatureVegetable oil (for frying and bowl; about 6 cups)Powdered sugar (for dusting)Special EquipmentA deep-fry thermometer|  Preparation Whisk sugar, yeast, and 3/4 cup warm water in a large bowl. Let sit until foamy, about 5 minutes. Add egg, buttermilk, milk, salt, baking soda, and 2 1/2 cups flour and mix until a shaggy dough forms. Add butter a couple of pieces at a time, mixing to combine after each addition before adding more (it’s okay if some pieces of butter are still visible). Add remaining 1 1/4 cups flour, mixing in 1/4 cup at a time. Work dough until butter is completely incorporated and dough is no longer sticky.Transfer dough to a lightly floured surface and knead until smooth and supple, about 5 minutes. Place in a lightly oiled bowl. Cover and let sit in a warm, draft-free place until doubled in size, about 1 hour.Roll out dough on a lightly floured surface to 1/2" thick. Using a knife, cut into 2" squares or diamonds (or cut into rounds with a 2"-diameter cookie cutter) and transfer to a lightly floured baking sheet. Cover with plastic wrap and let sit until slightly puffed, 25–30 minutes.Pour oil into a medium heavy saucepan to a depth of 3" and fit with thermometer. Heat over medium-high until thermometer registers 375°. Working in batches, fry beignets until golden brown, about 2 minutes per side. Transfer to a wire rack set inside a baking sheet.Generously dust beignets with powdered sugar just before serving. "\t"Iced Turmeric Latte Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes 1 Servings1 cup cashew milk4 teaspoons finely grated fresh turmeric2 teaspoons finely grated palm sugar or raw sugar1 teaspoon finely grated fresh ginger1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice2 pinches of ground cardamomPinch of flaky sea saltLemon wedge (for serving)|  Preparation Whisk milk, turmeric, palm sugar, ginger, lemon juice, cardamom, and salt in a small bowl until sugar and salt have dissolved; let sit 5 minutes to let flavors meld. Strain through a fine-mesh sieve into a measuring cup, pressing on solids to extract juices; discard solids.Fill a glass with ice. Pour latte over and serve with lemon wedge. "\t"Spiked Hot Chocolate Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 Servings3 cups whole milk3 tablespoons crushed cinnamon sticks (preferably Ceylon)8 ounces semisweet chocolate (preferably Scharffen Berger), finely chopped3 tablespoons demerara or granulated sugarPinch of kosher salt2 ounces bourbonToasted marshmallows (for serving)|  Preparation Bring milk and cinnamon to a simmer in a medium saucepan over medium-low heat, whisking occasionally and making sure milk doesn’t boil, until cinnamon is floral and fragrant, about 10 minutes. Whisk in chocolate, sugar, and salt and cook, whisking frequently, until mixture is smooth and creamy and chocolate is melted, about 5 minutes. Pour through a fine-mesh sieve into a large measuring cup; discard cinnamon.Add bourbon to hot chocolate mixture and stir to combine. Divide among mugs, then top with toasted marshmallows. "\t"Ratatouille Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 Servings1 large globe eggplant, peeled, coarsely chopped1 large zucchini, sliced into ¼-inch-thick rounds2 teaspoons kosher salt, plus more¾ cup olive oil, divided5 sprigs thyme1 large onion, halved, sliced ½ inch thick1 red bell pepper, ribs and seeds removed, coarsely chopped2 garlic cloves, thinly sliced2 pints cherry tomatoes, dividedFreshly ground black pepper1 cup torn basil leaves|  Preparation Preheat oven to 400°. Toss eggplant, zucchini, and 2 tsp salt in a colander. Let sit 30 minutes, then pat dry with paper towels.Heat ¼ cup oil in a large Dutch oven or other heavy ovenproof pot over medium-high. Add half of eggplant and zucchini and cook, stirring constantly, until vegetables begin to take on color, about 5 minutes. Transfer to a medium bowl. Repeat with ¼ cup oil and remaining eggplant and zucchini.Tie thyme sprigs together with kitchen twine. Heat remaining ¼ cup oil in same pot and cook onion, bell pepper, garlic, and thyme, stirring occasionally, until onion is beginning to brown and is softened, 8–10 minutes. Add half of tomatoes and cook, stirring occasionally, until just beginning to soften, about 5 minutes. Stir in zucchini and eggplant, then top with remaining 1 pint tomatoes (do not stir); season with salt and pepper. Transfer pot to oven and roast until all vegetables are softened and tomatoes have begun to burst, 15–20 minutes.Remove thyme bundle. Transfer to a serving platter and top with basil. "\t"Classic Tuna Salad Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 Servings2 celery stalks, finely chopped¼ small red onion, finely chopped1 5-ounce can water-packed tuna, drained¼ cup mayonnaise2 tablespoons capers, drained, finely chopped2 tablespoons coarsely chopped fresh parsley1 teaspoon Dijon mustard1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, plus more if neededKosher salt, freshly ground pepper|  Preparation Using a fork, mix celery, onion, tuna, mayonnaise, capers, parsley, mustard, and 1 Tbsp lemon juice in a medium bowl, breaking up any large pieces of tuna, until well combined. Season with salt, pepper, and more lemon juice, if desired. "\t"White Chili Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 6 Servings1 pound skinless, boneless chicken thighs, cut into 1” piecesKosher salt, freshly ground pepper¼ cup olive oil1 large onion, chopped1 poblano chile, seeds removed, chopped2 garlic cloves, finely chopped1 tablespoon chopped fresh oregano2 teaspoons ground cumin4 cups chicken broth2 15-oz. cans cannellini (white kidney) beans1 bay leaf2 tablespoons fresh lime juiceSour cream, cilantro, and lime wedges (for serving)|  Preparation Season chicken all over with salt and pepper. Heat oil in a Dutch oven or small stockpot over medium-high heat. Working in batches as needed, add chicken and cook, turning occasionally, until browned all over, 10–15 minutes. Transfer to a plate and set aside. Add onion and poblano chile and season with salt and pepper. Cook, stirring often, until onion is softened and translucent, 8–10 minutes. Add garlic and cook, stirring, until fragrant, about 2 minutes. Add oregano and cumin and cook, stirring, until fragrant, about 1 minute. Add chicken broth, beans and their liquid, bay leaf, and chicken and bring to a simmer. Season with salt and pepper and cook, partially covered, stirring occasionally, until meat is cooked through and tender and liquid is slightly thickened, 30–35 minutes. Season with lime juice and more salt and pepper. Serve with sour cream, cilantro, and lime wedges. "\t"Date-Orange Filling Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes enough for about 24 cookies Servings1 cup dates (about 8 oz.), pitted, quartered1 teaspoon finely grated orange zest1 teaspoon ground cinnamon½ teaspoon kosher salt1 tablespoon unsalted butter|  Preparation Bring dates, orange zest, cinnamon, salt, and 1 1/2 cups water to a boil in a small saucepan. Reduce heat and simmer, stirring often and mashing with a heatproof spatula, until dates are very soft and jammy, about 5 minutes. Add butter and stir until melted. Let cool.Do ahead: Filling can be made 4 days ahead. Cover and chill. "\t"Espresso Hot Chocolate Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 Servings3 cups whole milk3 tablespoons crushed cinnamon sticks (preferably Ceylon)8 ounces semisweet chocolate (preferably Scharffen Berger), finely chopped3 tablespoons demerara or granulated sugarPinch of kosher salt½ cup espressoLightly sweetened whipped cream and chocolate-covered espresso beans (for serving; optional)|  Preparation Bring milk and cinnamon to a simmer in a medium saucepan over medium-low heat, whisking occasionally and making sure milk doesn’t boil, until cinnamon is floral and fragrant, about 10 minutes. Whisk in chocolate, sugar, and salt and cook, whisking frequently, until mixture is smooth and creamy and chocolate is melted, about 5 minutes. Pour through a fine-mesh sieve into a large measuring cup; discard cinnamon.Add espresso to hot chocolate mixture and stir to combine. Divide among mugs, then top with whipped cream and espresso beans, if desired. "\t"Poppy Seed Filling Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes enough for about 32 cookies Servings1 cup poppy seeds½ cup honey½ cup milk1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice1 tablespoon sugar¼ teaspoon salt½ teaspoon vanilla extractSpecial EquipmentA spice mill or a mortar and a pestle|  Preparation Finely grind poppy seeds in spice mill. Transfer to a medium saucepan and add honey, milk, lemon juice, sugar, and salt. Bring to a boil, reduce heat, and simmer, stirring often, until thickened and a spatula holds a trail when dragged across bottom of pan, about 4 minutes; stir in vanilla. Let cool.Do ahead: Filling can be made 4 days ahead. Cover and chill. "\t"Guinness Affogato Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes 1 Servings3 scoops vanilla ice cream1 ounce hot espresso4 ounces Guinness stout|  Preparation Place ice cream in a tall glass. Pour espresso over and top off with Guinness. Serve with a straw and a long spoon. "\t"Passover Chocolate-Toffee Matzo Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 20 Servings4 sheets matzo (kosher for Passover)1½ cups (3 sticks) unsalted butter¾ cup sugar½ teaspoon Aleppo pepper, plus more (optional)1 cup chopped semisweet chocolate or chocolate chips (about 6 ounces)½ cup chopped shelled pistachios, toasted½ cup unsweetened coconut flakes, toastedFlaky sea salt (for serving)2 tablespoons cocoa nibs (optional)|  Preparation Preheat oven to 350°. Line a large rimmed baking sheet with 2 sheets of parchment paper, overlapping and leaving some overhang on all sides. Arrange matzo in a single layer on prepared baking sheet, breaking to fit as needed to cover entire surface without gaps.Bring butter, sugar, 3 Tbsp water, and ½ teaspoon Aleppo pepper, if using, to a boil in a medium saucepan over medium-high heat, stirring occasionally. Once boiling, stir once, then reduce heat to low and simmer, swirling pan occasionally, until mixture is golden brown and syrupy, 8–10 minutes.Pour toffee evenly over matzo and spread to coat with an offset spatula. Bake until toffee is slightly darkened in color (the shade of a brown paper bag) and bubbling, 10–12 minutes. Remove from oven and let cool until toffee is firm but still hot, about 5 minutes. Sprinkle chocolate evenly over top and let sit until melted (chocolate will go from matte to shiny), about 5 minutes. Spread chocolate evenly to edges of matzo with offset spatula. Sprinkle with pistachios, coconut, salt, and cocoa nibs and more Aleppo, if using. Let cool (or chill in the refrigerator if you simply can’t wait) until chocolate has hardened. Break into pieces.Do Ahead: Matzo can be made 3 days ahead. Store airtight at room temperature. "\t"Ginger-Chocolate Guinness Float Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes 1 Servings1 ounce chocolate syrup3 scoops ginger ice cream4 ounces Guinness stout|  Preparation Place chocolate syrup in a tall glass. Add ice cream and top off with Guinness. Serve with a straw and a long spoon. "\t"Chocolate Guinness Float Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes 1 Servings3 scoops chocolate ice cream1 ounce simple syrup4 ounces Guinness stout|  Preparation Place ice cream in a tall glass. Pour simple syrup over and top off with Guinness. Serve with a straw and a long spoon. "\t"Leek and Potato Galette with Pistachio Crust Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes four 6" galettes ServingsDough½ cup raw pistachios2½ cups all-purpose flour1 teaspoon kosher salt1 teaspoon sugar1 cup (2 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into piecesFilling and Assembly1 tablespoon olive oil, plus more for drizzling1 large leek, white and pale-green parts only, halved lengthwise, thinly sliced4 ounces fresh goat cheese5 tablespoons heavy cream2 garlic cloves, finely choppedKosher salt, freshly ground pepperAll-purpose flour (for surface)4 tablespoons coarsely chopped dill, divided, plus sprigs for serving2 large Yukon Gold potatoes, thinly sliced1 large egg, beaten to blendCrushed pink peppercorns (for serving; optional)|  Preparation DoughPulse pistachios in a food processor until coarsely ground. Add flour, salt, and sugar and pulse to combine. Add butter and pulse just until a coarse meal forms. With motor running, gradually stream in ½ cup ice water and process until dough comes together. Transfer dough to a work surface; form into a ball, then flatten into a disk. Wrap in plastic and chill at least 30 minutes.Do Ahead: Dough can be made 1 day ahead. Keep chilled.Filling and Assembly Preheat oven to 400º. Heat 1 Tbsp oil in a small skillet over medium-low. Cook leek, stirring occasionally, until softened but without taking on any color, about 5 minutes. Transfer to a plate.Mix goat cheese, cream, and garlic in a medium bowl to combine; season with salt and black pepper.Divide dough into 4 pieces. Roll out 1 piece of dough on a lightly floured surface to an 8" round; transfer to a parchment-lined baking sheet. Using an offset spatula, spread one-quarter of goat cheese mixture over dough, leaving a 1" border. Scatter 1 Tbsp dill evenly over, then top with a thin layer of potato slices. Drizzle with oil; season with salt. Scatter one-quarter of leeks over potatoes. Fold edges of dough over filling, tucking and overlapping slightly as needed. Repeat with remaining dough, goat cheese mixture, chopped dill, potatoes, and leeks and more oil and salt to make 3 more galettes. Brush top of dough with egg.Bake galettes until crusts are golden brown and potatoes are soft, 30–40 minutes. Drizzle with honey and top with dill sprigs. Sprinkle with pink peppercorns, if using; season with salt and black pepper. "\t"Toasted Sambal Cashews Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes about 1 cup2 tablespoons unsalted butter1 cup salted, roasted cashews, coarsely chopped2 teaspoons sambal oelekFlaky sea salt|  Preparation Melt butter in a large pot over medium heat. Cook cashews and sambal oelek, stirring occasionally, until nuts begin to toast (yes, you’re double-toasting them), 3–5 minutes. Scrape into a small bowl; season with salt. "\t"Kimchi Miso Dressing Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes about 2 cups6 tablespoons kimchi, coarsely chopped4 tablespoons white miso½ cup silken tofu½ cup vegetable oil or grapeseed oil1 tablespoon rice vinegarKosher salt|  Preparation Combine kimchi, miso, tofu, oil, and vinegar in a blender and purée until very smooth; season with salt. Refrigerate until ready to use. Dressing may thicken as it sits; before serving, thin with water as desired.Do Ahead: Dressing can be made 4 days ahead; store in an airtight container and chill. "\t"Whiskey and Rye Chocolate Chip Cookies Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes 16 cookies1½ cups chocolate wafers (discs, pistoles, fèves; preferably 72% cacao), divided2 cups all-purpose flour½ cup rye flour½ teaspoon baking soda1½ teaspoons kosher salt¾ cup (1½ sticks) plus 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, room temperature¾ cup dark brown sugar¾ cup granulated sugar1 large egg1½ teaspoons vanilla extract or vanilla paste1 teaspoon bourbon1 vanilla bean, split lengthwise1 teaspoon flaky sea saltIngredient InfoFind chocolate wafers (do not use chocolate wafer cookies) at specialty food stores, some grocery stores, and online.|  Preparation Pulse ¾ cup chocolate wafers in a food processor until pea-sized pieces form. Whisk all-purpose flour, rye flour, baking soda, and kosher salt in a medium bowl.Using an electric mixer on medium speed, beat butter, brown sugar, and granulated sugar in a large bowl, scraping down sides of bowl as needed, until light and fluffy, 3–4 minutes. Add egg, vanilla, and bourbon and beat until fully incorporated, about 1 minute. Reduce speed to low and slowly add dry ingredients, mixing just to blend. Fold in chopped chocolate and remaining chocolate wafers.Portion dough into 16 balls (about ¼ cup each) and transfer to a rimmed sheet sheet as you go. Wrap tightly with plastic wrap and chill at least 3 hours or up to 1 day.Position rack in middle of oven and preheat to 350°. Scrape vanilla seeds into sea salt in a small bowl and mix to combine (save pod for another use).Divide dough balls between 2 parchment-lined baking sheets, spacing 3" apart. Flatten each ball to about ¾" thick and sprinkle with vanilla salt. Bake cookies, rotating sheets halfway through, until golden brown around the edges, 14–18 minutes (cookies will firm up as they cool). Let cool slightly on baking sheets, then transfer to wire racks and let cool completely.Do Ahead: Cookies can be made 1 day ahead. Store airtight at room temperature. "\t"Escarole with Crispy Ham and Eggs Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 Servings4 tablespoons olive oil, divided2 ounces thinly sliced Speck or prosciutto4 large eggs¾ teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes1 head of escarole, leaves separated and torn into large pieces1 teaspoon fish sauce (such as nam pla or nuoc nam)Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper|  Preparation Heat 1 Tbsp oil in a large skillet, preferably nonstick, over medium-high. Cook Speck until golden brown and crisp, about 2 minutes per side; transfer to a plate.Heat 1 Tbsp oil in same skillet over medium-high and fry 2 eggs until whites are golden brown and crisp around the edges and set around the yolks (which should still be runny), about 2 minutes; transfer to a plate. Repeat with 1 Tbsp oil and remaining 2 eggs.Heat remaining 1 Tbsp oil in skillet. Add red pepper flakes and cook, stirring often, until lightly toasted and fragrant, about 1 minute. Add escarole to skillet, toss to coat, and cook, stirring often, until slightly wilted, about 1 minute. Remove from heat and add fish sauce; season with salt and pepper. Serve topped with crisped ham and fried eggs. "\t"Herbed Fresh Pasta with Market Tomatoes and Peppers Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 ServingsDough1 cup cup plus 2 tablespoons semolina flour, plus more for dusting1 cup all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting3 large eggs2 cups (packed) purple or green basil leaves or parsley leaves with tender stemsKosher saltPasta and Assembly2 pounds plum tomatoes, quartered2 large red sweet peppers (such as Hungarian) or 1 large red bell pepper, halved lengthwise, seeded3 garlic cloves, finely grated, divided½ cup olive oil, dividedKosher salt, freshly ground pepper2 cups mixed cherry tomatoes, halvedPurple or green basil leaves or parsley leaves with tender stems, torn (for serving)Finely grated Parmesan (for serving)|  Preparation DoughCombine 1 cup plus 2 Tbsp semolina flour and 1 cup all-purpose flour in a large bowl. Purée eggs, basil, and 1 tsp salt in a blender on medium-high speed, scraping down sides as necessary, until mixture is smooth, about 30 seconds. Scrape basil mixture into flour mixture and stir with a fork until dough just comes together. Turn out onto a work surface lightly dusted with all-purpose flour and knead until smooth and elastic, 8–10 minutes (alternatively, use a stand mixer fitted with a dough hook and beat on medium-low speed, about 8 minutes). Shape into a 6" log and wrap tightly in plastic wrap; let sit 1 hour at room temperature.Cut dough into 6 equal pieces. Working with one piece at a time, lightly dust both sides with all-purpose flour and roll into a thin 5½x20" rectangle (you should be able to see the shadow of your hand pass behind the sheet of pasta; alternatively, use a pasta machine). Dust both sides of dough with semolina flour and loosely roll into a cylinder. Using a sharp knife, trim edges and discard. Cut dough into 1½"-wide slices. Unfurl noodles, dust with semolina flour, and gently toss to separate. Place on a rimmed baking sheet and cover with a clean kitchen towel.Do Ahead: Pasta dough can be made 1 day ahead. Wrap tightly and chill. Pasta and AssemblyPreheat oven to 425°. Toss plum tomatoes, peppers, 2 garlic cloves, and ¼ cup oil on a rimmed baking sheet. Arrange tomatoes and peppers in a single layer, skin side down; season with salt and pepper. Roast until browned around the edges, 35–45 minutes. Let sit until cool enough to handle, then slip off skins. Transfer tomatoes and peppers to a large bowl and mash into medium-size pieces using a potato masher. Set aside.Combine cherry tomatoes, 2 Tbsp oil, and remaining garlic clove in a small bowl. Season with salt and pepper and let sit at room temperature 30 minutes.Meanwhile, cook pasta in a large pot of boiling salted water, stirring occasionally, until al dente, about 4 minutes. Drain, reserving 1 cup pasta cooking liquid.Toss pasta with tomato and pepper mixture, adding ⅓ cup pasta cooking liquid and remaining 2 Tbsp oil to keep pasta from sticking; add more pasta cooking liquid if necessary. Divide pasta among plates, then top with cherry tomato mixture and any accumulated juices, basil, and Parmesan. "\t"Roasted Carrots Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 to 6 Servings3 pounds carrots, peeled, cut into 3-inch pieces, halved lengthwised, quartered if large¼ cup olive oil2 teaspoons kosher salt½ teaspoon freshly ground black pepper|  Preparation Preheat oven to 450°. Toss carrots, oil, salt, and pepper on a rimmed baking sheet. Roast, tossing occasionally, until tender and browned, 35–45 minutes. "\t"Roasted Broccoli Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 to 6 Servings2 large heads of broccoli, cut into large florets with some stalk attached5 tablespoons olive oilKosher salt, freshly ground pepper|  Preparation Preheat oven to 450°. Toss broccoli and oil on a rimmed baking sheet; season with salt and pepper. Roast, tossing occasionally, until tender and browned, 25–35 minutes. "\t"Roast Chicken with Butternut-Tahini Purée Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4, plus leftover chicken for lunch Servings2 tablespoons olive oil, divided1 2-lb. butternut squash, halved, seeds removedKosher salt and freshly ground pepper2 garlic cloves, unpeeled¼ cup tahini½ teaspoon ground cumin¼ teaspoon smoked paprika2 tablespoons lemon juice, plus lemon wedges for serving1 3½–4-lb. chickenFresh cilantro leaves with tender stems (for serving)|  Preparation Place racks in upper and lower thirds of oven; preheat to 425°. Coat a rimmed baking sheet with 1 Tbsp oil. Season squash with salt and pepper and place, cut side down, on sheet along with garlic cloves. Roast on bottom rack until squash is tender, 45–50 minutes. Let cool. When cool enough to handle, peel garlic and scrape flesh from squash. Mash garlic and squash together in a large bowl. Add tahini, cumin, paprika, and lemon juice; season with salt and pepper.Meanwhile, heat remaining 1 Tbsp oil in a large ovenproof skillet over medium-high heat. Season chicken all over with salt and pepper. Add to skillet, breast side down, and cook until browned, about 5 minutes. Turn chicken breast side up and transfer skillet to oven. Roast, basting a few times with pan juices, until meat at the thickest part of the thigh registers 165° on an instant-read thermometer, 45–50 minutes. Let rest 10 minutes before carving. Reserve 4 oz. chicken for tomorrow’s lunch.Serve chicken with butternut-tahini purée and lemon wedges. Top purée with cilantro. "\t"Sunset Strip Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes 1 Servings1 tablespoon simple syrup2 teaspoons fresh lime juice2 teaspoons fresh or bottled yuzu juice1¾ ounces Ron Zacapa 231 dried lime wheel or lime twist|  Preparation Vigorously shake simple syrup, lime juice, yuzu juice, and Ron Zacapa in an ice-filled cocktail shaker until outside of shaker is very cold, 20 seconds. Place a globe ice cube in a martini glass; strain cocktail through a Hawthorne strainer or a large slotted spoon into glass. Garnish with lime wheel. "\t"Charmed and Dangerous Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes 1 Servings1½ ounces VSOP Cognac½ ounce Maury vin doux naturel wine1 teaspoon pure maple syrup1 lime1 teaspoon absinthe1 dried orange wheel or orange twist1 star anise pod, lightly blackened with a kitchen torch or over gas burner|  Preparation Stir VSOP Cognac, Maury, maple syrup, and two 2" strips lime zest in an ice-filled mixing glass until cold, about 30 seconds.Rinse a rocks glass or a frozen snifter with absinthe; discard. Strain cocktail through a Hawthorne strainer or a large slotted spoon into glass. Garnish with orange wheel and star anise pod. "\t"Fusilli alla Vodka with Basil and Parmesan Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 Servings¼ cup olive oil½ shallot, finely chopped1 small garlic clove, finely grated½ cup tomato paste2 tablespoons vodka1 cup heavy cream1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakesKosher salt, freshly ground pepper1 pound fusilli2 tablespoons unsalted butter1 ounce finely grated Parmesan, plus more for serving¼ cup chopped fresh basil|  Preparation Heat oil in a large skillet over medium. Add shallot and garlic and cook, stirring occasionally, until softened, about 5 minutes. Add tomato paste and cook, stirring occasionally, until paste is brick red and starts to caramelize, about 5 minutes. Add vodka and cook, stirring constantly, until liquid is mostly evaporated, about 2 minutes. Add cream and red pepper flakes and stir until well blended. Season with salt and pepper; remove from heat.Meanwhile, cook pasta in a large pot of boiling salted water, stirring occasionally, until al dente. Drain, reserving 1 cup pasta cooking liquid. Add pasta to skillet with sauce along with butter and ½ cup pasta cooking liquid. Cook over medium-low heat, stirring constantly and adding more pasta cooking liquid if needed, until butter has melted and a thick, glossy sauce has formed, about 2 minutes. Season with salt and pepper and add 1 oz. Parmesan, tossing to coat. Divide pasta among bowls, then top with basil and more Parmesan.Do Ahead: Vodka sauce can be made 5 days ahead; cover and chill. "\t"Roasted Butternut Squash Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 to 6 Servings1 large butternut squash, peeled, seeded, cut into 1½-inch pieces¼ cup olive oilKosher salt, freshly ground pepper|  Preparation Preheat oven to 450°. Toss squash and oil on a rimmed baking sheet; season with salt and pepper. Roast, tossing occasionally, until tender and browned, 35–45 minutes. "\t"Bûche de Noël Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes 1 cakeNonstick vegetable oil spray¼ cup unsweetened cocoa powder, plus more for dustingPowdered sugar (for dusting)¼ cup all-purpose flour4 ounces bittersweet chocolate, coarsely chopped2 tablespoons vegetable oil½ teaspoons vanilla extract6 large eggs, room temperature, separated½ tsp kosher salt⅔ cup plus 2 Tbsp granulated sugar2 tablespoons Cognac, dark rum, or brandyLightly sweetened whipped cream or Chestnut MousseChocolate buttercream (optional)Meringue mushrooms (optional)|  Preparation Preheat oven to 375°. Coat an 18x13" rimmed baking sheet with nonstick spray. Line with parchment paper and lightly coat parchment. Place a large kitchen towel (it should be larger than baking sheet) on a flat surface. Whisk equal parts cocoa and powdered sugar in a small bowl and dust towel with cocoa mixture with a fine-mesh sieve.Sift flour and ¼ cup cocoa powder into a small bowl. Heat chocolate, oil, and vanilla in a medium microwave-safe bowl in 15-second intervals, stirring occasionally, until melted. Let cool slightly.Using an electric mixer on medium-high speed, beat egg whites and salt in a large bowl until foamy. With motor running, gradually add ⅓ cup granulated sugar and beat until stiff, glossy peaks form.Using clean beaters, beat egg yolks and ⅓ cup granulated sugar in another large bowl until pale and thick, about 4 minutes. Beat in chocolate mixture until no streaks remain, then use a large spatula to fold in meringue, leaving some streaks. Fold in dry ingredients just to combine—be careful not to overmix.Scrape batter into prepared baking sheet; smooth top (you want to have an even layer). Bake until top of cake is dry and springs back when gently pressed and edges are starting to pull away from sides of baking sheet, 10−12 minutes; let cool slightly.Run a knife along the edge of baking sheet to loosen and invert cake onto prepared towel. Peel away parchment and roll cake into a log inside towel. Transfer, seam side down, to a wire rack and let sit until just barely warm, about 20 minutes.Shake remaining 2 Tbsp granulated sugar and 2 Tbsp hot water in a jar until sugar is dissolved, about 1 minute. Stir in Cognac. Unroll cake and brush top with syrup.For Level 1Spread whipped cream over top of cake, leaving a 1" border. Roll up cake and place, seam side down, on a platter. Chill until cold, at least 30 minutes.Dust with powdered sugar and cut into 1" slices just before serving.For Level 2Instead of whipped cream, spread Chestnut Mousse over top of cake, leaving a 1" border. Roll up cake and place, seam side down, on a platter. Chill until mousse is set, at least 3 hours.Dust with powdered sugar and cut into 1" slices just before serving.Do ahead: Roll can be made 2 days ahead. Cover and keep chilled.For Level 3Follow instructions for level 2, but do not dust cake with powdered sugar and slice. Instead, using a serrated knife, trim ½" of cake from both ends. Working from one end, gently slice off a 2" piece of cake, cutting at a 45° angle. Cut another 2" piece from same end, this time cutting perpendicular to roll to create a squared off end. Dab 1 Tbsp buttercream on angled sides of each 2" piece of roll and stick to cake to form branches, positioning 1 on top and 1 on the side. Using and offset spatula or butter knife, spread chocolate buttercream over entire outside of roll, leaving cut ends exposed to reveal spiral). Use spatula to create textured lines in buttercream to look like tree bark.Dust with powdered sugar and decorate with meringue mushrooms just before serving.Do ahead: Buche de Noel (without powdered sugar and mushrooms) can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and chill. "\t"Roasted Cauliflower Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 to 6 Servings2 medium heads of cauliflower, cut into large florets with some stalk attached5 tablespoons olive oilKosher salt, freshly ground pepper|  Preparation Preheat oven to 450°. Toss cauliflower and oil on a rimmed baking sheet; season with salt and pepper. Roast, tossing occasionally, until tender and browned, 25–35 minutes. "\t"Spaghetti Squash “Cacio e Pepe” Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 Servings1 medium spaghetti squash (about 3 pounds)¼ cup unsalted butter1 tablespoon finely grated lemon zest2 teaspoons fresh thyme leaves, plus more for serving½ cup grated Pecorino½ cup finely grated Parmesan, plus more for serving1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepperKosher salt|  Preparation Preheat oven to 375°. Pierce squash all over with a knife to vent.Roast on a rimmed baking sheet, turning every 20 minutes, until tender (knife will easily slide through), 60–90 minutes.Let cool slightly. Halve lengthwise and scoop out seeds; discard. Scrape flesh with a fork to remove in long strands. Spread out on paper towels to drain.Heat butter in a large skillet over medium-high. Cook squash, lemon zest, thyme, Pecorino, and ½ cup Parmesan, stirring to combine, until squash is heated through, about 2 minutes. Stir in pepper and season with salt. Serve topped with more Parmesan. "\t"Flatbread with Castelfranco, Burrata, Apples, and Olives Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 Servings1½ tablespoons finely chopped oil-cured black olives¼ cup plus 2 tablespoons olive oil, plus more for drizzling1 pound prepared pizza dough½ garlic clove1 head of Castelfranco radicchio, torn into 2-inch pieces (about 10 cups)Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper8 ounces burrata or fresh mozzarella, sliced1 tart, crisp apple (such as Pink Lady or Gala), thinly sliced crosswise¼ cup fresh mint leaves1 tablespoon white wine vinegarFlaky sea salt|  Preparation Preheat oven to 450°. Mix olives and ¼ cup olive oil in a small bowl; set aside.Divide pizza dough into 4 portions. Drizzle some olive oil onto 2 rimmed baking sheets. Stretch or roll each piece of dough into a very thin round (irregular shapes are encouraged) and place on baking sheets. Drizzle with remaining 2 Tbsp olive oil and bake until golden brown, 8–10 minutes. While crusts are still warm, rub with cut side of garlic.Toss radicchio with 2 Tbsp black olive mixture in a medium bowl; season with kosher salt and pepper.Top flatbread with burrata, drizzle with remaining black olive mixture, and mound half of dressed radicchio over cheese. Bake until cheese is just warmed through and greens are slightly wilted, about 4 minutes.Meanwhile, toss remaining dressed radicchio with apple, mint, and vinegar; divide salad among warm flatbreads. Sprinkle with sea salt. "\t"Italian Wedding Soup with Puntarelle Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 6 Servings1 head of puntarelle, trimmed, outer leaves removed1 large egg½ pound ground pork⅓ cup fine fresh breadcrumbs2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh parsley2 medium leeks, white and pale-green parts only, finely chopped, divided4 garlic cloves, finely chopped, dividedKosher salt, freshly ground pepper¼ cup plus 1 tablespoon olive oil¼ cup dry white wine6 cups low-sodium chicken broth1 tablespoon fresh lemon juiceShaved Pecorino (for serving)|  Preparation Tear dark leafy parts of puntarelle into 2” pieces; set aside. You’ll be left with long white stalks and the core of the puntarelle, which is layered similar to a fennel bulb. Thinly slice core lengthwise (smaller pieces will break away) and set aside.Using your hands, mix egg, pork, breadcrumbs, parsley, 1 leek, and 2 garlic cloves in a medium bowl until well combined; season with salt and pepper. Gently roll heaping teaspoonfuls of mixture into balls, transferring to rimmed baking sheets as you go (you should have about 40 meatballs).Heat ¼ cup oil in a large heavy pot over medium–high. Cook meatballs, turning often to help maintain their round shape, until browned all over, 5–7 minutes. Add remaining leek and 2 garlic cloves to pot and cook, stirring often, until lightly browned and softened, about 5 minutes.Add all but a small handful of reserved sliced puntarelle core to pot and cook, stirring occasionally, until softened, about 4 minutes. Add wine and simmer until liquid is reduced by half, about 2 minutes. Add broth and bring to a simmer. Add all but a small handful of puntarelle leaves to pot. Season with salt and pepper and bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer, uncovered, until puntarelle is cooked through and flavors have melded, 25–30 minutes.Toss remaining puntarelle core and greens in a small bowl with lemon juice and remaining 1 Tbsp oil; season with salt and pepper.Divide soup among bowls and top with dressed puntarelle and Pecorino.Do Ahead: Soup (without dressed puntarelle and Pecorino) can be made 1 day ahead. Dress puntarelle and top soup just before serving. "\t"Roasted Sweet Potatoes Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 to 6 Servings3 pounds sweet potatoes, peeled, cut into 1½-inch pieces¼ cup olive oil2 teaspoons kosher salt½ teaspoon freshly ground black pepper|  Preparation Preheat oven to 450°. Toss potatoes, oil, salt, and pepper on a rimmed baking sheet. Roast, tossing occasionally, until tender and browned, 35–45 minutes. "\t"Braised Chicken Thighs with Mustard and Chestnuts Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4, plus leftover chicken for lunch Servings5 skinless, boneless chicken thighs (1¼ lb.)Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper1 tablespoon olive oil2 leeks, sliced into ½” rings1 cup homemade chicken stock or low-sodium chicken broth, divided1 cup cooked chestnuts, quartered2 tablespoons whole grain mustard|  Preparation Season chicken with salt and pepper. Heat oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add chicken and cook until browned, about 5 minutes per side; transfer to a plate.Reduce heat to medium, add leeks to skillet, and season with salt and pepper. Cook, stirring often, until beginning to soften, about 5 minutes. Add 2 Tbsp stock and scrape up any browned bits from bottom of skillet. Stir in chestnuts and remaining stock and return chicken to skillet. Simmer, covered, until chicken is cooked through, 10–15 minutes. Reserve 1 chicken thigh for tomorrow’s lunch.Stir mustard into sauce and season with salt and pepper. "\t"Indoor S'mores Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes 16 Servings16 assorted graham crackers (regular, cinnamon, honey, or chocolate), broken in half crosswise16 marshmallows8 ounces assorted chocolate (milk, dark, or semisweet), broken into ½-ounce squares1 cup strawberries, hulled, sliced1 cup unsalted, roasted sliced almonds1 cup toasted unsweetened coconut flakes|  Preparation Preheat oven to 425°. Arrange 16 graham cracker halves in a single layer on a parchment-lined rimmed baking sheet, placing about ½" apart. Set 1 marshmallow in the center of each cracker and bake until marshmallows are lightly golden on top and puffed, about 5 minutes. Remove from oven and immediately top each with 1 chocolate square. Let sit 5 minutes to allow chocolate to melt slightly.Transfer s’mores to a platter and serve with strawberries, almonds, coconut, and remaining graham cracker halves alongside. "\t"Grilled Tofu with Chimichurri Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 Servings2 14-ounce packages extra-firm tofu, drained, sliced into 8 pieces each1 teaspoon cumin seeds1 cup (packed) fresh parsley leaves½ cup (packed) fresh cilantro leaves2 tablespoons fresh oregano leaves½ cup olive oil2 tablespoons red wine vinegarKosher salt, freshly ground pepperVegetable oil (for grill)1 Fresno chile, thinly slicedFlaky sea salt|  Preparation Line a rimmed baking sheet with 2 layers of paper towels and top with a single layer of tofu. Top with 2 more layers of paper towels and weight with a heavy skillet or baking dish. Let sit 15 minutes to press excess liquid out of tofu, which will firm it up and make it easier to grill. Transfer tofu to a shallow baking dish.Meanwhile, toast cumin seeds in a small skillet over medium heat, swirling pan often, until fragrant, about 2 minutes; set aside.Blend parsley, cilantro, and oregano in a food processor until finely chopped. With the motor running, add olive oil in a steady stream and blend until well combined. Transfer herb mixture to a small bowl, stir in vinegar, and season with kosher salt and pepper. Pour chimichurri over tofu and turn to coat. Cover and chill at least 1 hour.Prepare a grill for medium-high heat and lightly oil grate. Transfer tofu to grill, reserving chimichurri, and grill, turning often, until charred in spots, about 5 minutes per side; transfer to a platter. Top with reserved chimichurri, toasted cumin seeds, chile, and sea salt.Do Ahead: Tofu can be marinated up to 1 day ahead. "\t"Green Tacos Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes 4 tacos3 tablespoons olive oil1 small sweet potato, peeled, grated1 garlic clove, finely chopped4 cups Tuscan kale, ribs and stems removed, torn into bite-size pieces2 tablespoons fresh lime juiceKosher salt, freshly ground pepper4 corn tortillas, warmed1 avocado, thinly sliced¼ cup crema mexicana|  Preparation Heat oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Cook sweet potato and garlic, stirring often, until potato is tender and just beginning to brown, 8–10 minutes. Add kale and cook, tossing often, until kale is wilted and tender, 8–10 minutes. Add lime juice and season with salt and pepper.Serve sweet potato and kale mixture on tortillas, topped with avocado and crema. "\t"Pork Enchiladas Rojas Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 ServingsRed Sauce and Filling1 teaspoon coriander seeds2 tablespoons cumin seeds14 guajillo chiles, seeds removed4 ancho chiles, seeds removed3 morita chiles4 cups homemade chicken stock or low-sodium chicken broth8 garlic cloves, peeled2 tablespoons tomato paste1 teaspoon crushed Mexican or Italian oregano1 tablespoon vegetable oil1 pound boneless pork shoulder (Boston butt), fat trimmedKosher salt2 bay leavesAssembly1 cup vegetable oil8 6-inch white corn tortillas10 ounces queso fresco, crumbled, plus more for serving1 avocado2 tablespoons sour cream1 tablespoon fresh lime juiceKosher salt½ onion, sliced into thin ringsLime wedges (for serving)Special EquipmentA spice mill or mortar and pestle|  Preparation Sauce and FillingToast coriander seeds in a small skillet over medium heat, swirling pan often and adding cumin seeds during the last 30 seconds of cooking, until fragrant, about 2 minutes. Let cool, then finely grind in spice mill or with mortar and pestle.Bring guajillo, ancho, and morita chiles and stock to a boil in a medium saucepan over medium-high heat. Cover, remove from heat, and let sit 30 minutes to let chiles soften.Transfer chile mixture to a blender and add toasted spices, garlic, tomato paste, and oregano and purée until smooth, about 2 minutes.Preheat oven to 250°. Heat oil in a medium heavy pot over medium-high. Season pork with salt and cook, turning occasionally, until browned on all sides, 10–12 minutes. Pour off excess oil and add chile purée and bay leaves. Bring to a boil, cover, and transfer to oven. Braise pork until meat is very tender and shreds easily, 1 ½–2 hours; season with salt.Skim excess fat from chile sauce; discard bay leaves. Transfer pork to a large bowl. Let cool slightly, then shred with 2 forks. Mix ½ cup chile sauce into pork; season with salt. Set remaining sauce aside.Do Ahead: Pork can be braised 3 days ahead. Let cool in chile sauce (do not shred); cover and chill.AssemblyPreheat oven to 425°. Heat oil in a medium skillet over medium-high until it bubbles immediately when edge of tortilla touches the surface. Working one at a time, fry tortillas until just starting to brown and crisp, about 10 seconds per side (they should still be somewhat pliable). Transfer to paper towels to drain.Dip both sides of each tortilla in chile sauce just to coat, then transfer to a rimmed baking sheet. Spread 1 cup sauce down the length of a 13x9" baking dish. Spoon ¼ cup pork mixture across the center of a tortilla and fold one side over filling, then continue to roll up tortilla. Place seam side down in prepared baking dish. Repeat with more sauce and remaining tortillas (enchiladas should be nestled right up against each other in pan). Top with cheese and remaining sauce. Bake until sauce is bubbling and cheese is beginning to brown, 15–20 minutes. Let sit 10 minutes.Meanwhile, purée avocado, sour cream, lime juice, and ¼ cup water in a food processor, adding more water to thin as needed, until smooth and creamy; season with salt.Top enchiladas with onion slices and drizzle with avocado cream. Serve with lime wedges for squeezing over. "\t"Salted Texas Chocolate Sheet Cake Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients  ServingsCake1 cup (2 sticks) unsalted butter, cut into pieces, plus more for baking dish2 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for baking dish1/4 cup unsweetened cocoa powder2 cups sugar1 teaspoon baking soda1 teaspoon kosher salt2 large eggs1/2 cup buttermilk1 teaspoon vanilla extractFrosting1/4 cup (1/2 stick) unsalted butter3 tablespoons whole milk2 tablespoons unsweetened cocoa powder1 1/2 cups powdered sugar1 teaspoon vanilla extract1/2 cup chopped unsalted, roasted pistachios1 teaspoon flaky sea salt (such as Maldon)|  Preparation CakePreheat oven to 350°. Butter and flour a 13x9" baking dish. Bring cocoa powder, 1 cup butter, and 1 cup water to a boil in a small saucepan; remove from heat.Meanwhile, whisk sugar, baking soda, salt, and 2 cups flour in a medium bowl. Make a well in the center. Add eggs, buttermilk, and vanilla to well. Blend with a fork, then gradually incorporate dry ingredients. Add butter mixture and whisk until smooth. Scrape batter into prepared baking dish and smooth top.Bake until cake starts to pull away from edges of dish and a tester inserted into the center comes out clean, 35–40 minutes. Transfer pan to a wire rack.FrostingJust before cake has finished baking, heat butter, milk, and cocoa powder in a medium saucepan over low heat, whisking occasionally, until butter is melted and mixture is smooth (do not let boil). Remove from heat and whisk in powdered sugar and vanilla.Pour warm frosting over warm cake and spread out and smooth with an offset spatula. Top with pistachios and sea salt.Serve slightly warm or room temperature. "\t"Grilled Cauliflower Steaks and Scallions Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 Servings1 large head cauliflower6 tablespoons vegetable oil, divided, plus more for grill1 bunch scallions, trimmedKosher salt, freshly ground pepper1 1-inch piece ginger, peeled, grated1 garlic clove½ cup (packed) fresh cilantro leaves2 tablespoons fresh lime juiceGochugaru (Korean red pepper powder), toasted black sesame seeds, and sesame oil (for serving)|  Preparation Remove leaves and trim stem of cauliflower, leaving core intact. Place cauliflower, core side down, on a work surface. Starting at the midline of the cauliflower, slice from top to bottom into four ½" "steaks" (reserve any florets that break loose).Prepare a grill for medium-high heat and lightly oil grate. Drizzle cauliflower steaks, florets, and scallions with 4 Tbsp oil; season with salt and pepper. Grill scallions, turning occasionally, until charred in spots, about 2 minutes. Grill cauliflower steaks until tender and charred in spots, 8–10 minutes per side. Grill any loose florets in a grill basket, tossing often, until cooked through, 5–7 minutes.Blend ginger, garlic, cilantro, lime juice, and remaining 2 Tbsp oil in a food processor, thinning with water if needed, until sauce is the consistency of yogurt; season with salt.Arrange cauliflower and scallions on a platter. Sprinkle with gochugaru and sesame seeds and drizzle with sesame oil. Serve with cilantro sauce alongside. "\t"Tofu Summer Rolls Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 2 Servings½ 14-oz. package extra-firm tofu, cut into ½" planks1 tablespoon soy sauce1 tablespoon vegetable oilKosher salt1 teaspoon toasted sesame oil1 small head of lettuce (such as Little Gem or romaine hearts)1 small carrot, julienned¼ English hothouse cucumber, halved lengthwise, seeded, sliced into half moonsLime wedges, mint leaves, and sweet chili sauce (for serving)|  Preparation Preheat oven to 400º. Place tofu on a paper towel-lined rimmed baking sheet. Top tofu with 2 more layers of paper towels and place a heavy skillet on top. Let drain 15 minutes. Remove paper towels and slice tofu into ½" batons. Toss tofu with soy sauce and vegetable oil on baking sheet; season with salt. Roast tofu, tossing once, until golden brown, 20–25 minutes. Drizzle with sesame oil and toss to coat.Serve tofu with lettuce, carrots, cucumbers, lime wedges, mint, and chili sauce alongside. Assemble just before eating.Do Ahead: Tofu can be roasted 2 days ahead. Cover and chill. "\t"Ricotta Toast with Pears and Honey Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 2 Servings⅓ cup whole-milk ricotta½ teaspoon finely grated orange zestPinch of kosher salt2 teaspoons honey, plus more for drizzling2 slices multigrain bread, toasted1 medium Bartlett pear, thinly sliced3 tablespoons unsalted, roasted sliced almonds|  Preparation Combine ricotta, orange zest, salt, and 2 tsp honey in a small bowl. Dividing evenly, spread ricotta mixture onto toast. Top with pear, drizzle with honey, and sprinkle with almonds. "\t"Coffee Stracciatella Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes about 4 cups1½ cups heavy cream1 cup whole milkPinch of kosher salt½ cup sugar, divided½ vanilla bean, split lengthwise, or 1 teaspoon vanilla extract5 large egg yolks2 teaspoons instant espresso powder3 ounces bittersweet chocolate, melted|  Preparation Combine cream, milk, salt, and ¼ cup sugar in a medium saucepan. Scrape in seeds from vanilla bean; add pod. Bring mixture just to a simmer, stirring to dissolve sugar. Remove from heat. If using vanilla bean, cover; let sit 30 minutes.Whisk egg yolks and remaining ¼ cup sugar in a medium bowl until pale, about 2 minutes. Gradually whisk in ½ cup warm cream mixture, then whisk yolk mixture into remaining cream mixture. Cook mixture over medium heat, stirring constantly, until thick enough to coat a wooden spoon, 2–3 minutes.Strain custard into a medium bowl set over a large bowl of ice water. Stir in espresso powder until dissolved. Let cool, stirring occasionally. Process custard in an ice cream maker according to manufacturer’s instructions. Once custard is frozen to desired consistency in ice cream maker, gradually pour in chocolate; process until ice cream is flecked with chocolate, 2 minutes longer. "\t"Grilled Chicken Wings with Vinegar and Chiles Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 Servings2 chiles de árbol or ½ tsp red pepper flakes2 pounds chicken wings, tips removed, flats and drumettes separated½ cup rice vinegar2 tablespoons olive oil4 garlic cloves, peeled, smashed1 tablespoon agave syrup (nectar) or honey2 scallions, thinly sliced, plus more2 teaspoons Kosher salt, plus moreFreshly ground pepper2 teaspoons baking soda2 teaspoons ground cumin1 teaspoons togarashi or hot paprikaLime wedges, for serving|  Preparation Toast chiles in small dry skillet over medium-high heat; let cool slightly and lightly crush. Combine chiles, vinegar, olive oil, garlic, agave, and scallions in a resealable plastic bag. Season with 2 tsp salt and pepper. Add chicken; seal bag, eliminating air, and shake to distribute ingredients. Chill overnight.Prepare grill for medium-low heat. Remove wings from refrigerator and let come to room temperature, 35-50 minutes. Remove wings from bag and pat dry very well with paper towels. Discard marinade.Mix baking soda, cumin, and togarashi in a large bowl; season with salt. Add wings and toss to coat. Grill wings, turning occasionally, until cooked through and charred in spots, 15-20 minutes. To serve, squeeze lime juice over wings and sprinkle with scallions. "\t"Winter Milk Punch Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 12 ServingsWinter Milk Punch Base2 cups Cognac (preferably Courvoisier VS)2 cups rum (Appleton Estate VX)2 teaspoons loose chai tea1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest2 ounces fresh lemon juice1 cup whole milkCocktails1 ½ tablespoons Demerara Simple Syrup (click for recipe)Freshly grated nutmeg (for serving)|  Preparation Winter Milk Punch Base Combine Cognac, rum, tea, lemon zest, and lemon juice in a large pitcher. Set aside to steep, 2 hours; strain and discard tea and lemon zest.Bring milk to a bare simmer in a medium saucepan. Immediately add hot milk to cognac mixture (milk will curdle right away). Cover and refrigerate at least 24 hours. Strain mixture through a fine-mesh sieve into a clean pitcher or large bowl, leaving about half of the curds in the base. Cover and chill until ready to serve.Do ahead: Cocktails Combine simple syrup and 3 oz. punch base in a cocktail shaker and fill shaker with ice. Shake until outside of shaker is frosty, about 30 seconds. Strain into a chilled glass and garnish with nutmeg. "\t"Pinto Bean and Ham Torta Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 2 Servings1 tablespoon vegetable oil2 scallions, trimmed, thinly sliced1 garlic clove1 15-oz. can pinto beans, drained, rinsed4 tablespoons fresh lime juice, dividedKosher salt, freshly ground pepper1 cup shredded romaine½ cup fresh cilantro leaves and tender stems½ avocado2 brioche rolls, split, toasted2 ounces cotija cheese, thinly sliced2 thin slices black forest ham6 tortilla chips (optional)|  Preparation Heat oil in a medium skillet over medium. Add scallions and garlic and cook, stirring often, until softened, about 2 minutes. Add beans and ¼ cup water and cook, stirring and smashing beans with the side of a wooden spoon until mostly mashed, adding more water 1 Tbsp at a time if needed, until beans are the consistency of loose mashed potatoes. Stir in 1 Tbsp lime juice and season with salt and pepper.Toss romaine and cilantro with 2 Tbsp lime juice in a medium bowl and season with salt and pepper. Scoop flesh from avocado into another medium bowl and smash with remaining 1 Tbsp lime juice with a fork until mostly smooth. Season with salt.Divide bean mixture among bottom halves of rolls and top with cotija, ham, romaine mixture, and chips, if using. Spread avocado mixture on top halves of rolls and close sandwiches.Do Ahead: Mashed beans can be made up to 2 days ahead. Add a little water to loosen if necessary before spreading on rolls. "\t"Maple-Ginger Cider Switchel Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 Servings1 5"-piece fresh ginger (about 6 ounces)½ cup apple cider vinegar3 tablespoons pure maple syrup1 tablespoon fresh lime or lemon juice4 cups water or club sodaMint sprigs (for serving)|  Preparation Pass ginger through a juicer (you should have about ⅓ cup). Combine ginger juice, vinegar, maple syrup, and lime juice in a large pitcher and stir until maple syrup is dissolved. Chill until cold.To serve, dilute with water and pour switchel into ice-filled glasses; garnish with mint.Do Ahead: Base can be made 1 day ahead. Keep chilled. "\t"Chicken Sausage Omelet with Greens and Cheese Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 2 Servings2 tablespoons unsalted butter, divided4 large eggs, beaten to blend, dividedKosher salt, freshly ground pepper⅓ cup Muenster cheese, shredded, divided4 ounces loose chicken-apple sausage, cooked, divided⅓ cup sautéed greens (such as spinach, kale, or Swiss chard), divided|  Preparation Melt 1 Tbsp butter in an 8" nonstick skillet over medium heat. Season eggs with salt and pepper.Add half of eggs to skillet. Cook eggs, stirring gently with a heatproof spatula, until eggs are lightly scrambled and almost cooked through, about 3 minutes. Spread eggs evenly to cover bottom of skillet.Top eggs with half of Muenster, sausage, and greens. Using spatula, fold over one-third of omelet. Roll omelet onto itself, then slide onto a plate. Repeat with remaining ingredients to make a second omelet. "\t"Shelled Bean and Swiss Chard Panzanella Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 ServingsBeans1 pound fresh shelled beans (such as Calypso, Cranberry, or Jacob’s Cattle)¼ celery root (celeriac), peeled, cut into large pieces2 large carrots, peeled, halved crosswise1 large leek, split lengthwise2 shallots, peeled2 garlic cloves, smashed2 bay leaves2 sprigs thyme3 tablespoons kosher salt, plus moreSalad and Assembly½ small loaf country bread, crusts removed, torn into 1–1½-inch pieces (about 6 cups)¾ cup olive oil, dividedKosher salt1 red Thai chile, finely chopped1 small garlic clove, finely grated½ cup apple cider vinegar10 cups red Swiss chard, stemmed, torn into 2-inch pieces (from about 2 bunches)8 breakfast radishes, trimmed, thinly sliced lengthwise on a mandoline1 shallot, peeled, thinly sliced into rings|  Preparation BeansCombine beans, celery root, carrots, leek, shallots, garlic, bay leaves, thyme, 3 Tbsp salt, and 6 cups water in a medium pot. Cover and bring to a boil over medium heat, then lower heat and simmer until beans are tender, 15–45 minutes (fresher beans will cook faster; drier beans will take longer). Season with salt and let beans cool in liquid, about 1 hour.Do Ahead: Beans can be made up to 1 week ahead. Cover and chill.Salad and AssemblyPreheat oven to 425°. Toss bread with ¼ cup oil on a rimmed baking sheet; season with salt. Bake until golden brown, 15–20 minutes.Meanwhile, whisk chile, garlic, vinegar, 1 tsp salt, and remaining ½ cup oil in a small bowl.Drain beans and carrots; pick out and discard other ingredients. Cut carrots diagonally into 2" pieces. Toss beans and chard with ½ cup dressing in a large bowl, then divide among plates. Top salad with radishes, shallot, carrots, croutons, and more dressing. "\t"Roasted Golden Beet Salad with Pea Shoots and Fennel Fronds Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 Servings2 pounds baby golden beets, scrubbed, tops and root ends trimmed¼ cup olive oil, dividedKosher salt and freshly ground black pepper1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice1 tablespoon red wine vinegarPea shoots (tendrils), fennel fronds, and flaky sea salt (for serving)|  Preparation Preheat oven to 350°. Place beets in a shallow baking dish. Drizzle with 2 Tbsp oil; season with kosher salt and pepper. Add ½ cup water and roast until beets are tender and a paring knife inserted into the center meets no resistance, 50–60 minutes. Let beets cool slightly, then peel.Cut beets in half and arrange on a platter. Whisk lemon juice, vinegar, and remaining 2 Tbsp oil in a small bowl; drizzle over beets. Garnish with pea shoots and fennel fronds and season with flaky sea salt. "\t"Yellow Sheet Cake with Chocolate Sour Cream Frosting Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 24 ServingsCakeNonstick vegetable oil spray3 cups all-purpose flour1½ teaspoons baking powder1 teaspoon baking soda1 teaspoon kosher salt1 cup buttermilk⅓ cup vegetable oil1 teaspoon vanilla extract1½ cups granulated sugar⅓ cup (packed) light brown sugar¾ cup (1½ sticks) unsalted butter, room temperature½ vanilla bean, split lengthwise4 large egg yolks2 large eggsFrosting and Assembly14 ounces semisweet chocolate, chopped¼ cup light corn syrup2 cups sour cream1½ teaspoons kosher salt1½ teaspoons vanilla extract2¾ cups powdered sugar¾ cup (1½ sticks) unsalted butter, room temperature|  Preparation CakePreheat oven to 350°. Lightly coat a 18x13" rimmed baking sheet with nonstick spray. Line with parchment paper; coat parchment with nonstick spray. Whisk flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt in a large bowl until no lumps remain. Combine buttermilk, oil, and vanilla in a medium bowl.Combine granulated sugar, brown sugar, and butter in another large bowl. Scrape in seeds from vanilla bean; save pod for another use. Using an electric mixer on medium speed, beat until light and fluffy, about 4 minutes. Add egg yolks and eggs one at a time, beating to blend after each addition. Continue to beat mixture, occasionally scraping down sides and bottom of bowl, until almost doubled in volume and very light, airy, and pale yellow, about 5 minutes. It’s very important that there are no lumps at this stage. The occasional scraping of the bowl, especially the bottom, will help prevent lumps.Reduce speed to low, add dry ingredients in 3 additions, alternating with buttermilk mixture in 2 additions, beginning and ending with dry ingredients. Scrape batter into prepared baking sheet and smooth top.Bake cake, rotating sheet halfway through, until light golden brown, the center springs back when gently pressed, and a tester inserted into the center comes out with a few moist crumbs attached, 20–25 minutes. Transfer baking sheet to a wire rack and let cake cool.Using a long serrated knife, remove any uneven edges or bumps from cake to create a flat surface.Do Ahead: Cake can be baked 1 day ahead. Store tightly wrapped at room temperature, or freeze up to 1 month.Frosting and AssemblyHeat chocolate and corn syrup in a heatproof bowl set over a saucepan of simmering water (water should not touch bottom of bowl), stirring constantly, until chocolate is melted and mixture is smooth; remove from heat.Place sour cream, salt, and vanilla in another heatproof bowl and set over same saucepan of simmering water. Stir until mixture is warm but not hot, about 2 minutes. Add sour cream mixture to chocolate mixture and stir until smooth and glossy.Using an electric mixer on medium speed, beat powdered sugar and butter in a large bowl until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Scrape down sides of bowl, then slowly beat in chocolate mixture. Continue beating until no lumps remain, about 2 minutes. Frosting should be smooth and shiny. Cover and chill until slightly firmed up, about 30 minutes. Spread frosting over top of cake.Do Ahead: Cake can be assembled 1 day ahead; chill. Bring to room temperature before serving. "\t"Carole Lalli's Chocolate Bread Pudding Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 8 Servings6 large slices day-old chocolate bread, cut into 1" piecesUnsalted butter (for pan)6 large egg yolks½ cup granulated sugar2 cups heavy cream1 cup whole milk1 tablespoon vanilla extract2 tablespoons powdered sugar (optional)1 tablespoon unsweetened cocoa (optional)Softly whipped cream (optional)|  Preparation If necessary, preheat oven to 300º, spread bread in a single layer on a baking sheet, and bake to dry out bread, stirring twice, 15–20 minutes; do not let bread toast. This step ensures that the bread can absorb the custard rather than just going gummy when combined with the liquid. If your bread is a day or two old, you needn’t bother.Lightly butter a 2-quart baking dish and arrange bread in dish, making sure there are no gaps. Whisk egg yolks in a large bowl, then whisk in granulated sugar; beat about 1 minute to lighten mixture. Whisk in heavy cream, milk, and vanilla extract.Gently pour custard over bread. Place a heavy skillet or baking dish slightly smaller than the one you are using directly on top of bread to weigh down and refrigerate overnight. This allows the bread to fully absorb the custard—if you only have a few hours, that will suffice.Preheat oven to 350º. Remove weight from pudding. Place baking dish in a large roasting pan. Add enough hot water to come halfway up sides of baking dish and carefully transfer to oven. Bake until custard is set around the edges and slightly soft in the center, 40–50 minutes. Remove baking dish from water bath and let cool slightly.Combine powdered sugar and cocoa, if using, in a small bowl. Transfer to a sieve and dust pudding just before serving. Serve warm or at room temperature with whipped cream, if using. "\t"Greens and Cheese Vegetable Lasagna Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 12 ServingsBéchamel3 tablespoons unsalted butter3 tablespoons all-purpose flour3 cups whole milk, warmed2½ cups grated ParmesanKosher salt, freshly ground pepperLasagna and Assembly12 ounces lasagna noodlesKosher salt¼ cup olive oil, plus more for pans4 garlic cloves, thinly sliced2 bunches collard greens, thick stems removed, coarsely chopped2 bunches Tuscan kale, thick stems removed, coarsely choppedFreshly ground black pepper2 pounds ricotta2 large eggs1 tablespoon fresh thyme leaves1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest8 ounces fresh mozzarella, torn into bite-size pieces|  Preparation BéchamelHeat butter in a medium saucepan over medium until foaming. Whisk in flour and cook, whisking constantly, about 1 minute. Add milk 1 cup at a time, whisking to incorporate after each addition. Bring to a simmer and cook, whisking occasionally, until slightly thickened, 6–8 minutes. Remove from heat and add Parmesan, whisking until cheese is melted and sauce is smooth; season béchamel with salt and pepper.Lasagna and AssemblyPreheat oven to 350°. Cook lasagna noodles in a large pot of boiling salted water, stirring occasionally, 2 minutes less than package directions; you want them to be very al dente so they won’t become mushy when baked. Drain noodles and transfer to a lightly oiled baking sheet; turn noodles to coat (this will prevent them from sticking to one another and make them easier to handle).Meanwhile, heat ¼ cup oil in a large skillet over medium-high. Add garlic and cook, stirring constantly, until fragrant, about 1 minute. Add a few handfuls of greens and cook, tossing and adding more greens as they wilt, until all greens are tender, about 5 minutes; season with salt and pepper.Combine ricotta, eggs, thyme, and lemon zest in a medium bowl; season with salt and pepper.Lightly oil a 13x9" pan. Arrange noodles to cover bottom of pan, cutting to fit as needed. Spread one-third of ricotta mixture evenly over noodles, then top evenly with one-third of cooked greens. Spoon one-quarter of béchamel over greens, spreading evenly to cover. Add another layer of noodles. Repeat layers 2 more times, starting with noodles and ending with béchamel. Top with a final layer of noodles, then spread with remaining béchamel. Scatter mozzarella over top.Bake lasagna until bubbling and beginning to brown on top, 45–50 minutes. Let cool at least 20 minutes before serving. "\t"Six-Layer Chocolate-Coconut-Cashew-Graham Bars Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes thirty-two 1½" bars ServingsNonstick vegetable oil spray18 graham crackers (about 2 sleeves)½ cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, melted, slightly cooled¼ teaspoon kosher salt6 ounces semisweet chocolate, chopped1 cup unsalted, roasted cashews, coarsely chopped1 cup unsweetened coconut flakes1 cup cornflakes1 14-ounce can sweetened condensed milkFlaky sea salt|  Preparation Preheat oven to 350°. Lightly coat a 13x9" baking dish with nonstick spray, then line with parchment paper, leaving a 2" overhang on long sides. Coat parchment with nonstick spray.Pulse graham crackers in a food processor until finely ground. Add butter and kosher salt and pulse to combine. Press graham cracker mixture into bottom of prepared baking dish. Scatter chocolate, cashews, coconut, and cornflakes over crust. Pour condensed milk evenly over top.Bake until coconut is pale golden brown, 20–25 minutes. Transfer dish to a wire rack and sprinkle bar with sea salt; let cool. Use parchment paper overhang to lift bar out of pan and onto a cutting board. Trim edges; cut bar into thirty-two 1½" squares.Do Ahead: Bars can be made 5 days ahead. Store tightly wrapped at room temperature. "\t"Leche de Tigre Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes about 3 cups2 cups fresh orange juice1 cup fresh lime juice1 3-inch piece turmeric1 2-inch piece ginger, peeled, thinly sliced1 jalapeño, seeds removed, chopped2 garlic clovesKosher saltChili oil and mint sprigs (for serving)|  Preparation Purée orange juice, lime juice, turmeric, ginger, jalapeño, and garlic in a blender until smooth. Strain through a fine-mesh sieve into a glass measuring cup or pitcher; season with salt.Divide among glasses and drizzle with chili oil. Garnish with a mint sprig.Do Ahead: Leche de tigre can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and chill. "\t"Cherry-Lime Hand Pies Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes 16 ServingsCrust2½ cups all-purpose flour1 teaspoon kosher salt1 cup (2 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into piecesFilling and AssemblyAll-purpose flour (for surface)4 cups pitted fresh or frozen cherries, halved½ cup granulated sugar4 tablespoons cornstarch2 teaspoons finely grated lime zest2 tablespoons fresh lime juice½ teaspoon kosher salt1 large egg, beaten to blend¼ cup raw sugar|  Preparation CrustPulse flour and salt in a food processor just to combine. Add butter and pulse until texture resembles very coarse meal with a few pea-size pieces of butter remaining. Drizzle ¼ cup ice water over and pulse, adding more ice water by the tablespoonful as needed, until dough just holds together when squeezed. Divide dough in half and form into 2 disks, wrap in plastic, and chill until firm, about 2 hours.Do Ahead: Crust can be made 3 days ahead. Keep chilled, or freeze up to 1 month. Let sit at room temperature 15 minutes before rolling out.Filling and AssemblyPreheat oven to 350°. Roll out 1 disk of dough on a floured surface to a 18x12" rectangle. Cut out six 6" rounds; reroll scraps and cut out 2 more rounds. Repeat with remaining disk of dough.Toss cherries, granulated sugar, cornstarch, lime zest, lime juice, and salt in a large bowl to combine. Brush edges of rounds with half of egg and spoon about 2 Tbsp cherries on one half of each, leaving a ½" border. Fold dough over and press edges to seal, then crimp with your fingers or a fork. Transfer to 2 parchment-lined baking sheets and freeze 15 minutes (this will help pies hold their shape while baking).Brush pies with remaining egg and sprinkle with raw sugar. Cut a few slits in tops of pies to vent. Bake pies, rotating baking sheets halfway through, until juices are bubbling and pastry is golden brown, 35–40 minutes (juices will run onto parchment). Let hand pies cool on baking sheets 5 minutes, then transfer to wire racks. Serve warm or at room temperature.Do Ahead: Pies can be assembled, but not baked, 1 week ahead; cover and freeze. Pies can be baked 1 day ahead; store tightly wrapped at room temperature. "\t"Lemon Bars for a Crowd Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes thirty-two 1½" bars ServingsCrust¾ cup (1½ sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into pieces6 tablespoons sugar1 teaspoon kosher salt2 large egg yolks1 teaspoon vanilla extract2 cups all-purpose flourFilling and Assembly1⅓ cups fresh lemon juice1 teaspoon kosher salt1½ cups granulated sugar, divided1 vanilla bean, split lengthwise6 large egg yolks2 large eggs1 cup (2 sticks) chilled unsalted butter, cut into piecesPowdered sugar (for serving)|  Preparation CrustPreheat oven to 350°. Using an electric mixer on low speed, beat butter, sugar, and salt in a medium bowl until butter is almost completely smooth, about 2 minutes. Increase speed to medium and beat until butter is creamy, about 2 minutes more. Beat in egg yolks and vanilla. Reduce speed to low, add flour, and beat until no dry spots remain.Firmly press dough into the bottom and ½" up the sides of a 13x9" baking dish (the firmer you press, the easier it will be to cut the crust). Bake crust until golden brown on the bottom and a shade or two darker at the edges, 25-35 minutes. Remove dish from oven and reduce oven to 300°.Filling and AssemblyCombine lemon juice, salt, and ½ cup sugar in a small saucepan. Scrape in seeds from vanilla bean and add pod. Bring to a simmer over medium heat, stirring to dissolve sugar.Meanwhile, whisk egg yolks, eggs, and remaining 1 cup sugar in a medium bowl until no longer grainy and slightly lightened in color, about 2 minutes.Whisking constantly, gradually stream hot lemon mixture into egg mixture, then transfer mixture back to saucepan. Cook over medium heat, whisking constantly, until thickened and marks from whisk are just visible, 5–7 minutes. Remove from heat and whisk in butter, adding a couple of pieces at a time and whisking until incorporated before adding more, until smooth.Strain warm curd through a fine-mesh sieve into warm crust and bake until curd is set around the edges (filling should still wobble when dish is jiggled; it will set completely as it cools), 15–20 minutes. Do not overbake or filling may curdle. Transfer to a wire rack and let cool, about 2 hours, then chill until cold, at least 1 hour.Just before serving, cut lemon bars into thirty-two 1½" squares and dust with powdered sugar.Do Ahead: Lemon bars (without powdered sugar) can be made 3 days ahead. Cover and keep chilled. "\t"Deviled Eggs with Crispy Shallot Gremolata Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 8 Servings12 large eggs¾ cup vegetable oil1 large shallot, thinly sliced into ringsKosher salt½ cup mayonnaise2 teaspoons Dijon mustard1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, plus more2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh chives2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh parsley1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zestSpecial EquipmentA large star tip and a pastry bag|  Preparation Place eggs in a medium pot and cover with water. Bring to a boil, remove from heat, and cover. Let sit 9 minutes. Remove eggs with a slotted spoon and transfer to an ice bath.Meanwhile, heat oil in a small saucepan over medium-high. Add shallots and cook, stirring occasionally, until golden brown and crisp, about 5 minutes. Remove with a slotted spoon and transfer to paper-towels; season with salt and let cool.Peel eggs and halve lengthwise. Pop out yolks and place in a medium bowl; reserve whites. Add mayonnaise, mustard, and lemon juice to yolks and stir with a fork or whisk until very smooth; season with salt and more lemon juice, if desired.Toss chives, parsley, lemon zest, and reserved shallots in a small bowl; season with salt.Fit a pastry bag with a large star tip (or use a resealable plastic bag with a hole cut out in the corner). Scoop egg yolk mixture into pastry bag and pipe into egg whites. Top with shallot gremolata before serving. "\t"Corn & Chickpea Bowl with Miso-Jalapeño Tahini Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 servingsTahini1 ¾-inch piece ginger, peeled, finely grated2 small jalapeños, seeded, chopped2 small garlic cloves, finely grated1 cup (packed) cilantro leaves with tender stems⅓ cup fresh lime juice⅓ cup tahini1½ tablespoons misoKosher saltBowl Assembly3 tablespoons olive oil, divided, plus more for drizzling2 garlic cloves, lightly crushed1 14-ounce can chickpeas rinsed, drained3 ears of corn, shucked, kernels removed1 tablespoon za’atar (another flavorful spice blend like curry powder is great here too)Kosher salt4 cups Little Gem or other small lettuce leaves, torn if large4 small tomatoes, cut into wedges2 avocados, cut into wedgesCrumbled feta, lime wedges, and cilantro (for serving)|  Preparation TahiniPurée ginger, jalapeños, garlic, cilantro, lime juice, tahini, miso, and 3 Tbsp water in a blender until smooth. Season with salt.Do Ahead: Tahini can be made 1 day ahead. Transfer to an airtight container and chill.Bowl AssemblyHeat 2 Tbsp oil in a large skillet over medium. Add garlic and cook, turning occasionally, until golden brown, about 4 minutes. Mash garlic with a spoon and stir into oil. Add chickpeas and increase heat to medium-high. Cook, undisturbed, until golden brown and beginning to crisp underneath, about 3 minutes. Toss and continue to cook, tossing occasionally, until golden brown all over, 2–3 minutes more. Add corn along with 1 Tbsp oil and cook, tossing, until corn kernels are golden around the edges and tender, 5–7 minutes. Sprinkle za’atar over and toss to coat. Season with salt.Lightly drizzle lettuce, tomatoes, and avocado with oil in a large bowl and toss to combine; season with salt.Divide tahini among bowls and top with vegetables and chickpea mixture. Sprinkle with feta. Serve with lime wedges and cilantro alongside. "\t"Lemon-Thyme Ice Pops Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes 24 to 30 Servings3 small bunches thyme1¼ cups sugar2¼ cups fresh lemon juiceSpecial EquipmentThirty 2-ounce ice-pop molds and wooden sticks|  Preparation Bring thyme, sugar, and 1¼ cups water to a boil in a small saucepan over medium heat. Reduce heat to low and simmer, stirring occasionally, until sugar is dissolved, about 5 minutes. Let cool, then pluck out thyme sprigs (it’s okay if some leaves stay behind).Blend thyme syrup, lemon juice, and 3 ⅓ cups water in a blender 1 minute. Pour lemon-thyme mixture into ice-pop molds. Cover and insert sticks. Freeze until solid, at least 4 hours. Dip molds briefly in hot water to release pops.Do Ahead: Ice pops can be made 1 week ahead. Keep frozen. "\t"Potato-Leek Soup with Toasted Nuts and Seeds Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 6 Servings3 large leeks4 sprigs thyme2 sprigs rosemary2 bay leaves¼ cup (½ stick) unsalted butter3 celery stalks, choppedKosher salt, freshly ground pepper1 russet potato, peeled, chopped5 cups (or more) low-sodium chicken broth½ cup heavy cream1 tablespoon olive oil¼ cup almonds, chopped2 tablespoons raw sunflower seeds1 tablespoon coriander seeds, crushedPinch of sugar¼ cup crème fraîche|  Preparation Trim dark green leaves from leeks; discard all but 2. Tuck thyme, rosemary, and bay leaves inside leek leaves; tie closed with kitchen twine. Thinly slice light and pale-green parts of leeks.Heat butter in a large heavy pot over medium-high. Add celery and sliced leeks and season with salt and pepper. Cook, stirring, until leeks begin to soften, about 5 minutes. Reduce heat to medium-low, add herb bundle, cover pot, and cook, checking and stirring occasionally, until leeks and celery are very soft, 25–30 minutes (this long, slow cooking draws maximum flavor out of the vegetables). Increase heat to medium-high, add potato and 5 cups broth, and bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer, stirring occasionally, until potato is very tender, 10–15 minutes. Let cool slightly.Working in batches, purée leek mixture in a blender until very smooth (make sure lid is slightly ajar to let steam escape; cover with a towel). Transfer to a large bowl or pitcher.Pour soup back into pot and add cream. Thin with broth, if needed. Taste and season with salt and pepper; keep warm.Heat oil in a small skillet over medium. Add almonds, sunflower seeds, and coriander seeds and sprinkle sugar over; cook, stirring, until nuts and seeds are golden, about 4 minutes. Transfer nuts to paper towels to drain; season with salt and pepper.Serve soup topped with crème fraîche and nut mixture.Do ahead: Soup and nut mixture can be made 4 days ahead. Let soup cool; cover and chill. Store nut mixture airtight at room temperature. "\t"Chicken with Turnip and Pear Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 Servings3 tablespoons olive oil, divided4 skin-on, bone-in chicken thighsKosher salt, freshly ground pepper1 large onion, thinly sliced1 medium pear, peeled, cored, chopped1 medium turnip, peeled, chopped4 garlic cloves, finely chopped½ cup dry white wine1 teaspoon fresh thyme leaves, plus more for serving½ cup salted, roasted macadamia nuts, chopped|  Preparation ACTIVE: 30TOTAL: 45Heat 1 Tbsp oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Season chicken with salt and pepper and cook, skin side down, until skin is browned and crisp, 10–12 minutes. Transfer chicken to a plate.Heat remaining 2 Tbsp oil in same skillet over medium-high heat. Add onion, pear, turnip, and garlic, season with salt and pepper, and cook, stirring occasionally, until pear and turnip are soft and starting to turn golden brown, 15–20 minutes. Carefully add wine and thyme, then return chicken to skillet, skin side up. Cook until wine is almost completely evaporated and chicken is cooked through, 8–10 minutes. Serve topped with macadamia nuts. "\t"The Troy Monson Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 Servings¼ cup sugar1 tablespoon fennel seeds8 ounces vodka6 ounces fresh blood orange juice4 ounces fresh lemon juice4 thin slices fennel|  Preparation Bring sugar, fennel seeds, and ¼ cup water to a boil in a small saucepan over medium-high. Reduce heat to low and simmer, swirling occasionally, until sugar is dissolved, about 4 minutes. Let cool, then strain into a small bowl; discard solids.For each cocktail, combine 2 oz. vodka, 1½ oz. blood orange juice, 1 oz. lemon juice, and ½ oz. reserved fennel syrup in a cocktail shaker and fill with ice. Shake until outside of shaker is frosty, about 30 seconds. Strain into a rocks glass filled with cracked ice and garnish with 1 fennel slice. "\t"Cooked-to-Death Vegetables Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 Servings1½ pounds cabbage, celery, zucchini, broccoli rabe, green beans, and/or kale2–3 garlic cloves, smashed⅓ cup olive oilPinch of crushed red pepper flakes (optional)Kosher salt|  Preparation Cut or tear vegetables into large pieces roughly the same size. Using your hands or a pair of tongs, toss vegetables, garlic, olive oil, and red pepper flakes, if using, in a large Dutch oven to combine; season aggressively with salt and toss again. Place pot over lowest possible heat and cover. Cook until vegetables are collapsed and very tender, checking and stirring gently every half hour or so (they’ll become more delicate as they cook), 1½–2 hours. Season with salt and serve hot or at room temperature. "\t"Vanilla-Bean Pots de Crème Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes 24 Servings6 cups heavy cream1½ cups whole milk¾ teaspoon kosher salt1 vanilla bean, split lengthwise18 large egg yolks¾ cup sugarLightly sweetened whipped cream (for serving)Special EquipmentTwenty-four 4-ounce ramekins or small heatproof bowls|  Preparation Place a rack in middle of oven and preheat to 300°. Combine cream, milk, and salt in a large saucepan; scrape in vanilla seeds and add pod. Bring to a simmer over medium heat, stirring occasionally.Meanwhile, whisk egg yolks and sugar in a large bowl until yolks look a shade lighter in color, about 4 minutes. Whisking constantly, gradually pour hot cream mixture into yolk mixture; whisk until smooth. Strain through a fine-mesh sieve into a large pitcher.Set ramekins in a roasting pan or large baking dish and divide custard among ramekins. Place roasting pan in oven and carefully pour in hot water to come halfway up sides of ramekins.Bake custards until set around the edges but still wobbly in the center, 25–30 minutes. Let cool 5 minutes in water bath, then transfer to a wire rack and let cool completely. Chill until cold, at least 4 hours.Serve pots de crème topped with whipped cream.Do Ahead: Pot de crème (without whipped cream) can be made 5 days ahead. Cover and keep chilled. "\t"Chouquettes with Chantilly Cream Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes about 40 Servings½ cup whole milk6 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into 1" pieces1 tablespoon granulated sugar½ teaspoon kosher salt1 cup all-purpose flour6 large eggs, room temperaturePearl sugar (for serving; optional)Softly whipped, lightly sweetened cream (for serving; optional)Special EquipmentA ½"-diameter pastry tip and a pastry bag|  Preparation Preheat oven to 425˚. Line a rimmed baking sheet with parchment paper. Fit a large pastry bag with a plain ½" tip.Heat milk, butter, granulated sugar, salt, and ½ cup water in a medium saucepan over medium, stirring occasionally to melt butter. As soon as butter is melted, add flour all at once and stir with a wooden spoon, carefully at first to incorporate, then vigorously, until dough forms a single mass. Continue stirring, slapping dough against sides of saucepan with spoon, until dough leaves a thick film on bottom of pan and pulls away from sides, about 3 minutes (the important thing here is to cook the flour and dry out the dough). Transfer to a medium bowl and let rest 3 minutes.Using a wooden spoon, mix 5 eggs into dough one at a time, making sure to completely incorporate each egg before adding the next. Dough will look broken at first, then homogenized. The final texture should be smooth, glossy, and somewhat stretchy.Spoon dough into prepared pastry bag. Holding bag at an angle so the tip is just touching the prepared baking sheet on one side, gently start to squeeze out dough. Without moving the tip (this will help shape a perfect circle), pipe until you have a 1½" round (you can trace circles on the back of the parchment for extra accuracy). Repeat, staggering rounds and spacing 2" apart.Beat remaining egg in a small bowl until no streaks remain and lightly brush tops of dough. Sprinkle with pearl sugar, if using. Bake 15 minutes, then lower heat to 350˚. Continue to bake until puffs are deep golden brown all over and sound hollow when tapped on the bottom, 15−20 minutes.Remove chouquettes from oven; turn oven off. Poke a small hole in the bottom of each puff with a paring knife and place, hole side up, on baking sheet. Return to still-hot oven, propping door open with a wooden spoon. Let dry out and cool, 30–35 minutes.Serve chouquettes plain or use a serrated knife to cut tops off and spoon or pipe whipped cream into bottom half.Do Ahead: Dough can be made 1 day ahead. Transfer to pastry bag and chill.Variation: Herby Gougères: After adding eggs to dough, mix in 1 cup grated Gruyère, 1 Tbsp finely chopped fresh chives, and 1 tsp finely chopped fresh rosemary. Top each puff with a pinch of grated Gruyère before baking. "\t"Lentil Soup with Sausage and Mustard Greens Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 6 Servings2 tablespoons olive oil, plus more for serving3 medium carrots, peeled, chopped1 medium onion, chopped½ fennel bulb, chopped, plus fennel fronds for serving3 garlic cloves, finely choppedKosher salt, freshly ground pepper1 pound sweet Italian sausage, casings removed2 bay leaves1 cup lentils (such as black beluga, French, brown, or green)½ teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes (optional)8 cups chicken stock or low-sodium chicken broth1 bunch mustard greens, torn into bite-size pieces1 teaspoon red wine vinegarSour cream and crusty bread (for serving)|  Preparation Heat 2 Tbsp oil in a large heavy pot over medium-high. Add carrots, onion, fennel, and garlic and cook, stirring often, until just beginning to soften, about 4 minutes; season with salt and pepper.Add sausage and cook, breaking up with a spoon, until browned, 6–8 minutes. Add bay leaves, lentils, red pepper flakes (if using), and stock and bring to a boil over medium-high, stirring occasionally. Reduce heat to low and simmer until lentils are tender and soup is thickened, 35–40 minutes.Add mustard greens and cook, stirring occasionally, until just wilted, about 2 minutes. Stir in vinegar; season with salt and pepper.Divide soup among bowls. Top with a dollop of sour cream and fennel fronds and drizzle with oil. Serve with bread.Do Ahead: Soup can be made up to 4 days ahead. "\t"Chocolate Pots de Crème Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes 24 Servings16 ounces semisweet chocolate, chopped6 cups heavy cream¾ cup whole milk¾ teaspoon kosher salt18 large egg yolks½ cup sugarLightly sweetened whipped cream (for serving)Special EquipmentTwenty-four 4-ounce ramekins or small heatproof bowls|  Preparation Place a rack in middle of oven and preheat to 300°. Place chocolate in a large bowl. Bring cream, milk, and salt to a simmer in a large saucepan over medium heat, stirring occasionally.Meanwhile, whisk egg yolks and sugar in another large bowl until yolks look a shade lighter in color, about 4 minutes. Whisking constantly, gradually pout hot cream mixture into yolk mixture; whisk until smooth. Strain through a fine-mesh sieve into bowl with chocolate; let sit 2 minutes. Whisk until chocolate is melted and custard is smooth. Transfer custard to a large pitcher.Set ramekins in a roasting pan or large baking dish and divide custard among ramekins. Place roasting pan in oven and carefully pour in hot water to come halfway up sides of ramekins.Bake custards until set around the edges but still wobbly in the center, 25–30 minutes. Let cool 5 minutes in water bath, then transfer to a wire rack and let cool completely. Chill until cold, at least 4 hours.Serve pots de crème topped with whipped cream.Do Ahead: Pots de crème (without whipped cream) can be made 5 days ahead. Cover and keep chilled. "\t"Big Batch of Caramelized Onions Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes about 2 cups2 tablespoons olive oil4 large onions, thinly slicedKosher salt, freshly ground pepper1 tablespoon fresh thyme leaves3 garlic cloves, thinly sliced¾ cup dry white wine|  Preparation In a large, heavy-bottomed soup pot or Dutch oven, heat oil over medium heat. Add onions, season with salt and pepper, and cook, stirring occasionally, until onions begin to soften, 5–7 minutes. Stir in thyme and garlic, scraping up any browned bits from bottom or sides of pan.Continue to cook, stirring occasionally, until onions begin to stick to bottom of pot, about 20 minutes. Add ¼ cup wine and cook, stirring, until wine is evaporated and onions begin to stick to bottom of pot (brown spots are good; they’ll give onions great caramel color and flavor). Add ¼ cup wine, cook until evaporated, then add remaining ¼ cup wine. Continue to cook, adding ¼ cup water if onions begin to stick to pot again, until onions are very soft and deep golden brown. Season with salt and pepper.DO AHEAD: Onions can be caramelized up to 5 days ahead. Let cool; cover tightly and refrigerate. "\t"Lemon Marshmallow Pie Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes one 9" pie ServingsCrust6 tablespoons chilled unsalted butter, cut into pieces3 tablespoons granulated sugar½ teaspoon kosher salt1 large egg yolk½ teaspoon vanilla extract1 cup all-purpose flour1 teaspoon poppy seeds (optional)Filling⅔ cup fresh lemon juice½ teaspoon kosher salt¾ cup granulated sugar, divided1 vanilla bean, split lengthwise3 large egg yolks1 large egg½ cup (1 stick) chilled unsalted butter, cut into piecesMarshmallow and assembly1 envelope unflavored powdered gelatin (about 2 ½ tsp)3 large eggs whites¼ teaspoon kosher salt⅔ cup sugar¼ cup light corn syrup2 teaspoons vanilla extractSpecial EquipmentA candy thermometer|  Preparation CrustPreheat oven to 350°. Using an electric mixer on low speed, beat butter, sugar, and salt in a medium bowl until butter is almost completely smooth, about 2 minutes. Increase speed to medium and beat until butter is creamy, about 2 minutes more. Mix in egg yolk and vanilla. Reduce speed to low, add flour and poppy seeds, if using, and mix until no dry spots remain.Firmly press dough into a 9" pie dish (the firmer you press, the easier it will be to cut the baked crust). Bake until crust is golden brown on bottom and a shade or two darker at the edges, 25−35 minutes.FillingJust before crust is finished baking, combine lemon juice, salt, and ¼ cup sugar in a small saucepan. Scrape in seeds from vanilla bean and add pod. Bring to a simmer over medium heat, stirring to dissolve sugar.Whisk egg yolks, egg, and remaining ½ cup sugar in a medium bowl until no longer grainy and slightly lightened in color, about 2 minutes.Whisking constantly, gradually stream hot lemon mixture into eggs, then transfer mixture back to saucepan. Cook over medium heat, whisking constantly, until thickened and marks from whisk are just visible, 5–7 minutes. Remove from heat and whisk in butter until smooth, adding a couple of pieces at a time and whisking until incorporated before adding more.Reduce oven temperature to 300˚. Strain warm curd through a fine-mesh sieve into warm crust, filling right to top of crust (do not overfill; you may have a tablespoon or so extra).Bake pie until curd is set around the edges (filling should still wobble when dish is jiggled; it will continue to set as it cools), 15−20 minutes. Do not overbake or filling may curdle.Transfer pie to a wire rack and let cool, about 2 hours, then chill until cold, at least 1 hour.Do ahead: Pie can be baked 1 day ahead. Cover and keep chilled.Marshmallow and AssemblyMake sure curd is chilled and set before preparing marshmallow topping. Place ¼ cup cold water in a small bowl and sprinkle gelatin over top. Let sit 10 minutes to soften.Beat egg whites and salt to soft peaks in the bowl of stand mixer fitted with whisk attachment.Meanwhile, bring sugar, corn syrup, and ¼ cup water to a boil in a small saucepan over medium heat, swirling pan until sugar is dissolved. Attach thermometer to side of saucepan and continue to cook over medium heat until thermometer registers 250°.Remove syrup from heat and add gelatin mixture, stirring to dissolve. With mixer on medium-high, carefully pour syrup into beaten egg whites in a slow, steady stream, aiming for the space between the side of the bowl and the whisk (avoid hitting whisk directly to prevent hot sugar from splattering all over). Continue to beat until mixture is dense and fluffy and very stiff peaks have formed (side of bowl will be cool to the touch), 5–10 minutes. Beat in vanilla.Marshmallow topping will become difficult to work with if given time to set up, so immediately (and quickly) dollop spoonfuls of marshmallow over curd, swirling and making decorative swoops as you go (make sure to extend topping all the way to edge of crust). Let sit until marshmallow is set and firm, at least 2 hours and up to 6 hours.Just before serving, heat broiler. Broil pie until marshmallow is toasted and golden brown in spots (keep a close eye on it to keep it from burning), about 2 minutes. "\t"Popcorn with Herb Salt Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 Servings2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh rosemary2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh thyme1 tablespoons kosher salt8 cups just-popped popcorn (from ½ cup kernels)¼ cup olive oilSpecial EquipmentA spice mill or a mortar and pestle|  Preparation Finely grind rosemary, thyme, and salt in spice mill or with mortar and pestle.Arrange popcorn on a rimmed baking sheet and drizzle with oil; toss to coat.Sprinkle with some of the herb salt and toss to coat, adding more to taste. "\t"Asian-Style Pork Nachos with Red Cabbage and Scallions Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 to 6 ServingsWonton ChipsVegetable oil for frying (about 10 cups)6 ounces wonton wrappers, cut into trianglesPork2 tablespoons vegetable oil6 cloves garlic, thinly sliced1 serrano chile, thinly sliced1 pound ground porkKosher salt, freshly ground pepper4 tablespoons fresh lime juice2 tablespoons soy sauce1 tablespoon fish sauce (such as nam pla or nuoc nam)1 teaspoon sugarAssembly1 cup shredded cheddar cheese1 cup shredded Monterey Jack cheese⅛ head red cabbage, cored, very thinly sliced1 bunch scallions, thinly sliced1 cup cilantro leaves with tender stems1 tablespoon rice vinegar1 teaspoon toasted sesame oilKosher salt, freshly ground pepper½ cup sliced pickled jalapeñosSpecial EquipmentDeep-fry thermometer|  Preparation Wonton ChipsPour oil into a large heavy pot to a depth of 2” and fit with a deep-fry thermometer. Heat over medium-high heat until thermometer registers 350°. Working in batches, add wontons to oil and fry, stirring gently, until chips are puffed and golden, 1–2 minutes. Transfer to a paper towel–lined rimmed baking sheet and let cool.PorkHeat oil in a large skillet over high heat. Add garlic and chile and cook, stirring, until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Add pork, season with salt and pepper, and cook, breaking up into smaller pieces with a spoon and pressing down firmly to help brown, until cooked through and nicely crisped in spots, 8–10 minutes. Add lime juice, soy sauce, fish sauce, and sugar and cook, stirring, until liquid is reduced and glazes pork, about 3 minutes. Transfer to a medium bowl.AssemblyPreheat oven to 425°. Arrange half of chips on a 9½-by-13” foil-lined rimmed baking sheet. Top with half of pork, then half of each cheese. Repeat layering with remaining chips, pork, and cheese. Bake until cheese is melted and bubbling, about 5 minutes.While nachos cook, toss cabbage, scallions, and cilantro with vinegar and sesame oil; season with salt and pepper. Serve nachos topped with cabbage mixture and pickled jalapeños. "\t"Mario Batali’s Pizza Aglio, Olio, e Peperoncino Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes one 10” pizza Servings2 garlic cloves, thinly sliced¼–½ Fresno chile, thinly sliced¼ cup extra-virgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling1 10” parbaked pizza crust¼ cup strained tomatoes, preferably PomiFlaky sea salt, crushed red pepper flakes, and torn fresh parsley leaves (for serving)|  Preparation Heat broiler with rack in top position; place sheet of foil on rack below to catch any drips. Combine garlic, chile, and 1/4 cup oil in a small saucepan over low heat and cook until softened, about 4 minutes.Place crust on a baking sheet or pizza peel. Spread tomatoes over crust, leaving a 1/2” border. Scatter some garlic and chile over top, then drizzle with some of the infused oil. Slide pizza onto rack and broil, checking often, until crust is charred and blistered in spots, 6–8 minutes. Using a pair of tongs, remove pizza from oven; sprinkle with salt and red pepper flakes, drizzle with olive oil, and top with parsley. "\t"Deep-Fried Beets with Horseradish Dip Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 8 Servings24 baby beets2 tablespoons plus ¼ cup olive oilKosher salt, freshly ground pepper½ cup sour cream4 teaspoons prepared horseradish1 shallot, finely chopped1 tablespoon red wine vinegar2 teaspoons Dijon mustard1 cup all-purpose flour3 large eggs2 cups fine dried breadcrumbsVegetable oil (for frying; about 6 cups)Special EquipmentA deep-fry thermometer|  Preparation Preheat oven to 400°. Place beets in a shallow baking dish. Drizzle with 2 Tbsp olive oil; season with salt and pepper. Add 1/2 cup water to dish, cover with foil, and roast until beets are tender (a paring knife inserted into center should meet no resistance), 40–50 minutes. Let beets cool slightly, then peel skins.Meanwhile, stir sour cream and horseradish in a small bowl; season with salt and pepper; chill.Whisk shallot, vinegar, mustard, and remaining 1/4 cup olive oil in a medium bowl; season marinade with salt and pepper. Add beets and toss to coat.Place flour in a shallow dish; season with salt and pepper. Lightly beat eggs in a second shallow dish to blend. Place breadcrumbs in a third shallow dish; season with salt and pepper.Fit a large heavy pot with thermometer and pour in enough oil to measure 2". Heat over medium-high until thermometer registers 350°. Working with a few at a time, remove beets from marinade, letting excess drip back into bowl. Dredge in flour, shaking off excess. Dip in eggs, letting excess drip back into bowl, then roll in breadcrumbs to coat. Fry beets, turning occasionally, until breading is golden brown all over, about 2 minutes. Transfer to paper towels to drain; season with salt.Serve fried beets with reserved horseradish dip alongside.Do ahead: Beets can be marinated 2 days ahead. Cover and chill. "\t"Popcorn with Dried-Shrimp Salt Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 Servings2 tablespoons dried shrimp1 teaspoon kosher salt8 cups just-popped popcorn (from ½ cup kernels)¼ cup olive oilSpecial EquipmentA spice mill or a mortar and pestle|  Preparation Finely grind dried shrimp and salt in spice mill or with mortar and pestle.Arrange popcorn on a rimmed baking sheet and drizzle with oil; toss to coat.Sprinkle with some of the dried-shrimp salt and toss to coat, adding more to taste. "\t"Beet and Escarole Salad with Avocado and Walnuts Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 Servings½ small red onion, thinly sliced2 tablespoons walnut oil2 tablespoons olive oil4 tablespoons Sherry vinegar½ Big Batch of Oven-Steamed Beets (click here for recipe), cut into 1” wedgesKosher salt and freshly ground pepper½ head escarole, torn into bite-size pieces1 ripe avocado, cut into 1” pieces¼ cup toasted walnuts|  Preparation Fill a small bowl with cool water and immerse the sliced onion in it. Stir, drain well, then squeeze firmly in a clean kitchen towel or paper towels to remove excess water.Mix together walnut oil, olive oil, and vinegar in a large bowl. Add onion and beets and season with salt and pepper. Set aside to marinate 30 minutes.Just before serving, arrange escarole on a platter and top with beet mixture. Scatter avocado and walnuts on top. Season with salt and pepper. "\t"Scrambled Eggs with Caramelized Onions and Chèvre Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 2 Servings4 large eggsKosher salt and freshly ground pepper2 tablespoons chèvre, crumbled2 tablespoons Big Batch of Caramelized Onions (click here for recipe)2 teaspoons olive oilSmall pinch of smoked paprikaWhole parsley leaves (for serving)|  Preparation Whisk eggs in a medium bowl until frothy; season with salt and pepper. Stir in chèvre, reserving several crumbles for serving. Heat onions in a small nonstick skillet over medium-low heat until warm and pliable, about 2 minutes.Heat oil in a separate nonstick skillet over medium-low heat. Add eggs and cook, stirring occasionally, until large curds form, about 2 minutes. Serve eggs dusted with paprika and topped with onions, remaining chèvre, and parsley leaves. "\t"Red Quinoa with Parsley and Toasted Pine Nuts Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 Servings2 tablespoons olive oil, plus more for drizzling1 yellow onion, finely choppedKosher salt¾ teaspoon ground turmericPinch of red pepper flakes, preferably Marash or Aleppo1¼ cups red quinoa, rinsed½ cup chopped fresh parsley¼ cup toasted pine nuts|  Preparation Heat oil in a medium saucepan over medium-high heat. Add onion and season with salt. Cook, stirring often, until onion is tender and fragrant but not browned, about 4 minutes. Reduce heat to medium and stir in turmeric and red pepper flakes. Cook until fragrant, about 30 seconds.Add 1½ cups water and bring to a boil. Stir in quinoa and lower heat to a simmer. Cover and cook until quinoa is tender and water is absorbed, 12–15 minutes. Remove from heat. Let stand, covered, 10 minutes. Stir in parsley and pine nuts, and drizzle with oil. "\t"Whole Grain Mustard Walnut Vinaigrette Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes about 1½ cups2 tablespoons Dijon mustard2 tablespoons whole grain mustard2 tablespoons Sherry vinegar½ cup olive oil½ cup walnut oilKosher salt and freshly ground pepper|  Preparation In a medium bowl, whisk together Dijon and whole grain mustards, vinegar, olive oil, and walnut oil; season with salt and pepper. Alternatively, place ingredients in a 1-pint jar with a lid and shake vigorously to combine. Refrigerate until ready to use. "\t"Indian-Style Nachos with Warm Spices and Tamarind Chutney Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 to 6 ServingsSpicy Chickpeas and Potatoes1 15-oz. can chickpeas, rinsed1 russet potato, peeled, cut into ½” pieces3 tablespoons olive oil1 teaspoon garam masala¼ teaspoon cayenne pepperKosher salt, freshly ground pepperTamarind Chutney½ cup tamarind concentrate3 tablespoons dark brown sugar¼ teaspoon ground coriander¼ teaspoon ground cumin¼ teaspoon ground ginger1  Ingredient InfoTamarind concentrate, a dark, seedless paste with a tart-sweet flavor, is available at Indian, Middle Eastern, and some Asian markets.Chips and Assembly½ cup plain Greek yogurt1 tablespoon fresh lime juice½ teaspoon granulated sugarKosher salt, freshly ground pepper6 ounces restaurant-style tortilla chips1 cup shredded cheddar cheese1 cup shredded Monterey Jack cheese1 cup fresh mint leavesIndian hot pepper or cayenne (optional; for serving)|  Preparation Spicy Chickpeas and PotatoesPreheat oven to 425°. Toss chickpeas, potato, olive oil, garam masala, and cayenne on a rimmed baking sheet; season with salt and pepper. Roast, tossing once, until potato is tender and chickpeas are golden and crunchy, 20–25 minutes. (Keep oven on; you’ll use it for baking nachos.)Tamarind ChutneyCombine tamarind concentrate, brown sugar, coriander, cumin, ginger, and ¼ cup water in a small saucepan over medium heat. Cook, stirring, until sugar is dissolved and mixture is slightly thickened, about 4 minutes. Transfer to a small bowl and set aside.Chips and AssemblyWhisk together yogurt, lime juice, granulated sugar, and a couple tablespoons water—just enough to thin the yogurt to a good consistency for drizzling. Season with salt and pepper.Arrange half of chips on a 9½-by-13” foil-lined rimmed baking sheet. Top with half of chickpea mixture, then half of each cheese. Repeat layering with remaining chips, chickpeas, and cheese. Bake until cheese is melted and bubbling, about 5 minutes.Serve nachos drizzled with tamarind chutney and yogurt sauce and topped with mint leaves and hot pepper, if using. "\t"Hamantaschen Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes about 24 Servings1½ teaspoons baking powder¾ teaspoon kosher salt4 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for surface1 cup (2 sticks) unsalted butter, room temperature1 cup sugar3 large eggsDate-Orange Filling, Honey-Nut Filling, Poppy Seed Filling, or 1½ cups jam or preservesSpecial Equipment3½"-diameter cookie cutter|  Preparation Whisk baking powder, salt, and 4 cups flour in a medium bowl. Using an electric mixer on medium-high speed, beat butter and sugar in a large bowl until pale and fluffy, about 5 minutes. Add 2 eggs one at a time, beating to combine after each addition and scraping down sides of bowl.Reduce speed to low and gradually add dry ingredients; mix until dough comes together. Divide dough in half and form into two ¾"-thick disks. Cover and chill at least 2 hours.Place racks in lower and upper thirds of oven; preheat to 350°. Let 1 disk of dough sit at room temperature until softened slightly, about 30 minutes.Roll out dough on a very lightly floured surface to about ¼" thick, dusting with flour as needed (use as little flour as possible). Cut out 3 1/2" rounds with cutter and, using an offset spatula or bench scraper, transfer to 2 parchment-lined baking sheets. Gather up scraps, reroll, and cut out additional rounds.Lightly beat remaining egg in a small bowl to blend. Working a few at a time, brush edge of rounds with egg, then place 1 1/2 tsp filling in center. Fold sides up to make a triangle, pinching points gently to seal and leaving about 1" surface of filling exposed.Brush sides of folded dough with egg. Bake cookies, rotating baking sheets halfway through, until bottoms are golden brown, 18–22 minutes. Let cool on baking sheets.Do ahead: Dough can be made 2 days ahead; keep chilled. Cookies can be made 2 days ahead; let cool and store airtight at room temperature. "\t"Pan Bagnat Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes 22 oil-packed anchovy fillets, drained, finely chopped2 small garlic cloves, finely grated2 tablespoons capers, drained, chopped2 tablespoons red wine vinegar1 tablespoon Dijon mustard1 small red onion, very thinly sliced1 cup mixed olives (such as niçoise, kalamata, and/or Castelvetrano), coarsely chopped4 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, divided, plus more for drizzlingKosher salt, freshly ground pepper1 6–7-ounce jar oil-packed tuna, drained½ lemon½ baguette, lightly toasted1½ cups basil leaves, torn1½ cups parsley leaves with tender stems, coarsely chopped2 large hard-boiled eggs, peeled, thinly sliced1 large tomato, sliced2 jarred roasted red peppers, sliced|  Preparation Mix anchovies, garlic, capers, vinegar, and mustard in a medium bowl. Add onion and olives and let sit, tossing occasionally, until onion is slightly softened, 8–10 minutes. Add 2 Tbsp oil; season with salt and pepper. Toss to combine.Place tuna in a medium bowl. Zest and juice lemon over tuna. Stir in 2 Tbsp oil; season with salt and pepper.Cut bread lengthwise without cutting all the way through. Add basil and parsley to olive mixture and toss to combine. Spread olive mixture over cut sides of baguette. Top with tuna, egg, tomato, and peppers, then drizzle with more oil; season with salt and pepper.Wrap sandwich tightly in foil and weight down with a heavy skillet, 10 minutes. Cut in half before serving. "\t"Popcorn with Nutritional Yeast and Aleppo Pepper Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 Servings2 tablespoons nutritional yeast1 teaspoon Aleppo pepper or crushed red pepper flakes1 teaspoon kosher salt8 cups just-popped popcorn (from ½ cup kernels)¼ cup olive oilSpecial EquipmentA spice mill or a mortar and pestle|  Preparation Finely grind nutritional yeast, Aleppo pepper, and salt in spice mill or with mortar and pestle.Arrange popcorn on a rimmed baking sheet and drizzle with oil; toss to coat.Sprinkle with some of the nutritional yeast mixture and toss well to coat, adding more nutritional yeast mixture to taste. "\t"Big Batch of Barley Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 6 Servings2 cups hulled, hull-less, or pearled barleyPinch of salt|  Preparation Bring a pot of lightly salted water to a rolling boil. Stir in 2 cups hulled, hull-less, or pearled barley, reduce heat to a simmer, and cook uncovered until tender, 40–50 minutes. Drain; serve right away or store in an airtight container in the refrigerator or freezer for up to 5 days. "\t"Big Batch of Steel-Cut Oats Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients  ServingsSteel-cut oatsPinch of salt|  Preparation Bring 4 cups water to a boil for every cup of oats being cooked. Add a pinch of salt and stir in the oats. Reduce heat to a low simmer and cook, stirring occasionally, to desired texture (20 minutes will give you a pretty creamy result). For later use, let cool to room temperature and store in an airtight container in the refrigerator for up to 5 days. Warm the oats in a small saucepan with ¼ cup water or almond milk. "\t"Popcorn Toffee Crack Bars Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 30 ServingsNonstick vegetable oil spray15 graham crackers4 cups popped popcorn (from ¼ cup kernels)1 cup coarsely chopped salted, roasted peanuts¾ cup puffed rice cereal1½ cups (3 sticks) unsalted butter¾ cup sugar½ teaspoon Aleppo pepper (optional)1 cup chopped semisweet chocolate or chocolate chips (about 6 oz.)Flaky sea salt (for serving)|  Preparation Preheat oven to 350°. Line a large rimmed baking sheet with foil and lightly coat with nonstick spray. Arrange graham crackers in a single layer on baking sheet, breaking to fit as needed to cover entire surface. Top with popcorn, peanuts, and puffed rice.Bring butter, sugar, and Aleppo pepper, if using, to a boil in a medium saucepan over medium-high. Once boiling, stir once, then reduce heat and simmer, swirling occasionally, until mixture is golden brown and syrupy, 8–10 minutes.Pour toffee mixture evenly over graham crackers and popcorn mixture. Bake until toffee is slightly darkened in color (the shade of a brown paper bag) and bubbling, 10–12 minutes. Remove from oven and evenly top with chocolate and sprinkle with salt. Let cool in baking sheet before breaking into pieces.Do ahead: Bars can be made 3 days ahead. Store airtight at room temperature. "\t"The Cough Suppressant Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 servings (makes about 8 cups)1 bunch oregano1 bunch thyme1 1” piece ginger, peeled, grated1 1” piece turmeric, peeled, grated½ teaspoon black peppercorns1 small garlic clove, grated¼ cup honey, preferably raw¼ cup unsweetened almond milk3 tablespoons fresh lime or lemon juice|  Preparation Lightly whack oregano and thyme with a wooden spoon to bruise and release oils. Heat herbs, ginger, turmeric, peppercorns, and 8 cups water in a medium saucepan until an instant-read thermometer registers around 130°—it should be uncomfortably hot to the touch (do not let it boil). Reduce temperature to low and let mixture steep 6 minutes. Add garlic, honey, almond milk, and citrus juice, stirring to dissolve honey. Strain into a pitcher or large heatproof container, pushing on the herbs to squeeze out as much liquid as possible. Divide among mugs. "\t"Pumpkin Streusel Muffins Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients MAKES 12 ServingsTopping¼ cup (½ stick) chilled unsalted butter, cut into pieces¼ cup (packed) light brown sugar2 tablespoons all-purpose flour2 tablespoons whole wheat flour½ teaspoon kosher salt¾ cup walnuts, chopped, dividedMuffinsNonstick vegetable oil spray (optional)1¼ cups all-purpose flour½ cup whole wheat flour2 teaspoons baking powder1 teaspoon ground cinnamon1 teaspoon ground ginger1 teaspoon kosher salt¼ teaspoon ground allspice¼ teaspoon ground nutmeg⅛ teaspoon ground cloves2 large eggs, room temperature1 cup (packed) light brown sugar1 cup canned pure pumpkin½ cup virgin coconut oil, warmed, slightly cooled|  Preparation ToppingPulse butter, brown sugar, all purpose flour, whole wheat flour, salt, and ¼ cup walnuts in a food processor until a clumpy mixture forms. Add remaining ½ cup walnuts and pulse just to combine. Transfer to a medium bowl; cover and chill until ready to use.MuffinsPreheat oven to 350°. Coat cups of a standard 12-cup muffin pan with nonstick spray or use paper liners. Whisk all-purpose flour, whole wheat flour, baking powder, cinnamon, ginger, salt, allspice, nutmeg, and cloves in a large bowl.Whisk eggs, pumpkin, brown sugar, and oil in another large bowl until smooth. Mix in dry ingredients. Divide batter among cups of prepared pan and top with streusel. Bake muffins until golden brown and a toothpick inserted into the center of a muffin comes out clean, 25–30 minutes. Serve warm.DO AHEAD: Muffins can be baked 2 days ahead. Keep tightly wrapped at room temperature. "\t"Beet Soup with Caraway Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 Servings1 tablespoon olive oil1 tablespoon caraway seeds1 medium onion, coarsely chopped1 leek, white and pale-green parts only, thinly slicedKosher salt and freshly ground black pepper½ Big Batch of Oven-Steamed Beets (click here for recipe), chopped1 cup buttermilk, divided, plus more for servingFresh dill sprigs, cracked pepper (for serving)|  Preparation ACTIVE: 45TOTAL: 45Heat oil in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add caraway seeds and cook, stirring, until they start to pop and dance around in the pan, about 1 minute. Quickly add onion, leek, and a splash of water to keep seeds from burning; season with salt and pepper. Cook, stirring occasionally, until onion is soft, 5–7 minutes.Add beets and 2½ cups water to pan; season with salt and pepper. Bring to a boil, reduce heat, and cook, stirring occasionally, until flavors come together, 15–20 minutes.Let mixture cool slightly, then purée in a blender in 2 batches, adding ½ cup buttermilk to each batch. Gently heat soup, adding water to adjust consistency if needed. Serve drizzled with buttermilk and topped with dill sprigs and cracked pepper. "\t"Holiday Rum Sparkler Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes 1 cocktailHoney Syrup¼ cup honeyCocktail2 ounces dark rum1 ounce apple juice2 ounces Champagne or sparkling wineApple slice and mint sprig (for serving)|  Preparation Honey SyrupCombine honey and ½ cup warm water in a small bowl; stir until honey is dissolved.CocktailCombine rum, apple juice, and ¼ oz. honey syrup in a cocktail shaker; fill with ice. Shake until outside of shaker is frosty, about 30 seconds. Strain into a rocks glass filled with ice. Top with Champagne and garnish with apple and mint. "\t"Stuffing Cookies Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes about 32 Servings1 cup panko (Japanese breadcrumbs)¾ cup (1½ sticks) unsalted butter, room temperature¼ cup (packed) light brown sugar1 tablespoon chopped fresh sage, plus small leaves for garnish1 teaspoon aniseed1 teaspoon kosher salt1 cup all-purpose flour, plus more for surface1 large egg, beaten to blendRaw sugar (for sprinkling)Special EquipmentA 2¼" cookie cutter|  Preparation Preheat oven to 350°. Toast panko on a rimmed baking sheet until golden, 8–10 minutes. Let cool.Using an electric mixer on medium-high speed, beat butter, brown sugar, chopped sage, aniseed, and salt in a large bowl until light and fluffy, about 4 minutes. Reduce speed to low, mix in panko and 1 cup flour. Form dough into a disk, wrap in plastic, and chill until firm, about 2 hours.Roll out dough on a lightly floured surface to about ⅛" thick. Cut out circles with cutter (or any shape you want) and place on a parchment-lined baking sheet, spacing 1" apart (for cookies with sharp edges, chill 15 minutes before baking).Brush rounds with egg and sprinkle with raw sugar and sage leaves. Bake until cookies are golden brown, 15–18 minutes. Let cool.DO AHEAD: Dough can be made 4 days ahead. Keep chilled, or freeze up to 1 month. "\t"Happy New Year, Honey Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 ServingsSpiced Honey Syrup2 cinnamon sticks3 cardamom pods, lightly crushed3 whole allspice¼ cup honeyAssembly6 ounces fresh blood orange juice4 ounces applejack brandy4 ounces bourbon8-12 ounces hard ciderApple slices (for serving)|  Preparation Spiced Honey SyrupBring cinnamon, cardamom, allspice, honey, and 1/2 cup water to a boil in a small saucepan. Reduce heat and simmer 5 minutes. Let cool, then strain into an airtight container; discard solids.AssemblyFor each cocktail, combine 1 1/2 oz. blood orange juice, 1 oz. brandy, 1 oz. bourbon, and 1 Tbsp spiced honey syrup in a cocktail shaker. Fill shaker with ice and shake until outside of shaker is frosty, about 30 seconds. Strain into a rocks glass filled with ice and top off with hard cider. Garnish with an apple slice. "\t"Gluten-Free Lemon Bars Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes 16 ServingsShortbread Crust¼ cup unsweetened shredded coconut¾ cup King Arthur Flour gluten free multi-purpose flour2 tablespoons granulated sugar⅛ teaspoon kosher salt1 large egg yolk¼ cup (½ stick) chilled unsalted butter, cut into pieces½ vanilla bean, split lengthwiseFilling and Assembly4 large eggs1½ cups granulated sugar2 tablespoons finely grated lemon zest½ cup fresh lemon juice2 tablespoons King Arthur Flour gluten free multi-purpose flour1 teaspoon baking powderPowdered sugar (for serving)|  Preparation Shortbread CrustPreheat oven to 350°. Toast coconut on a rimmed baking sheet, tossing once, until golden brown, 5–7 minutes.Line an 8x8" baking pan with parchment paper, leaving a generous overhang on all sides. Pulse flour, sugar and salt in a food processor just to combine.Add coconut, egg yolk, and butter and scrape in vanilla seeds (save pod for another use). Process until a dough forms. Gather into a ball and press into bottom of prepared pan. Bake crust until golden brown, 25–30 minutes.FillingWhile crust is baking, process eggs, sugar, lemon zest, lemon juice, flour, and baking powder in a food processor until smooth. Pour filling into warm crust and bake until filling is beginning to brown at the edges and is just set in the center, 25–30 minutes. Transfer pan to a wire rack and let cool. Chill lemon bar until cold, at least 2 hours.Just before serving, dust lemon bar with powdered sugar and cut into 2” squares.DO AHEAD: Lemon bars (without powdered sugar) can be made 3 days ahead. Cover and chill. "\t"Gochujang-and-Sesame-Roasted Winter Squash Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 Servings2 tablespoons sesame seeds2 tablespoons vegetable oil1 tablespoon gochujang (Korean hot pepper paste)2 teaspoons soy sauce1 medium butternut squash, peeled, seeded, sliced ¼” thickScallions, thinly slicedFlaky sea salt (such as Maldon)|  Preparation ACTIVE: 40TOTAL: 40Place racks in upper and lower thirds of oven; preheat to 425°. Whisk sesame seeds, oil, gochujang, and soy sauce in a large bowl. Add squash and toss to coat. Divide squash between 2 rimmed baking sheets, arranging in a single layer. Roast, rotating sheets once, until tender and browned on some edges, 25–30 minutes. Serve topped with scallions and salt. "\t"Smoked Salt Furikake Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients  Servings2 tablespoons sesame seeds2 tablespoons bonito flakes (available at most Asian groceries or health food stores)1 sheet toasted nori, torn into small pieces1 tablespoon smoked sea salt, divided|  Preparation Toast the sesame seeds in a dry skillet over medium heat. Stir frequently and remove when pale golden, about 1 and ½ minutes. Let cool.In a small food processor, spice grinder or a mortar and pestle, grind the nori, bonito, plus half the salt into a fine powder. Stir together with the cooled toasted seeds and remaining salt.Store in an airtight container. "\t"Toasted Pumpkin Seeds Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes about 1 1/2 cups ServingsSeeds from one pumpkin1 tablespoon olive oilSalt and pepper|  Preparation Scrape seeds and any attached fibers from pumpkin using a large metal spoon. Place seeds in a colander and rinse well to help separate seeds from fibers. Set seeds aside. Cook seeds in a medium saucepan of boiling salted water until beginning to look translucent, 5-7 minutes. Drain and transfer to a paper towel-lined baking sheet; pat well to dry.Preheat oven to 425°. Spread seeds on a rimmed baking sheet, toss with olive oil, and season with salt and pepper. Roast until golden and crisp, 12—15 minutes. Let cool completely.Spice It UpAfter seasoning seeds with olive oil, salt, and pepper, toss with one of the following combinations:1/2 tsp each turmeric and chile powder1 tsp Za’atar and 1/2 tsp finely grated lemon zest1/2 tsp Aleppo pepper, 1/2 tsp ground cumin1/2 tsp ground Szechuan peppercorns1 Tbsp sugar and 1/4 tsp cinnamon "\t"Pecan-Miso Butter and Jelly Sandwiches Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 servings2 cups pecans2 teaspoons red or white miso1 pound seedless black grapes, stems removed1 2-inch cinnamon stickSmall pinch of kosher salt8 slices whole wheat bread|  Preparation Preheat oven to 300°. Toast pecans on a large rimmed baking sheet, tossing once halfway through, until fragrant and slightly darker, 18–25 minutes. Let cool. Transfer to a food processor and pulse, scraping down as needed, until the texture of peanut butter. Add miso and pulse just to combine.Meanwhile, bring grapes, cinnamon, salt, and 1 cup water to a boil in a medium saucepan. Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer, stirring occasionally, until grapes have burst and liquid is jammy, 25–35 minutes. Let cool, discard cinnamon stick, then mash with a potato masher.Assemble sandwiches with bread, miso-pecan butter, and grape jam.Do Ahead: Pecan butter and grape jam can be made 1 week ahead. Cover and chill. "\t"Mole Verde Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients  Servings1 medium chayote, peeled, sliced ¼" thick4 ounces fresh green beans, trimmed2 jalapeños4 tomatillos, husks removed, rinsed2 garlic cloves, unpeeled2 tablespoons masa harina3 cups low-sodium chicken broth, divided½ cup fresh cilantro leaves½ cup fresh parsley leaves2 whole allspice berries2 whole clovesPinch of ground cuminKosher saltIngredient InfoChayote, a squash-like fruit native to Mexico and Central America, can be found at Latin markets and some supermarkets. Masa harina, also known as masa flour, can be found at Latin markets and many supermarkets.|  Preparation Place chayote and green beans in a medium pot and add water to cover by 1". Bring to a boil and cook until tender, about 4 minutes. Drain and transfer to a medium bowl.Cook jalapeños, tomatillos, and garlic in a large skillet, preferably cast iron, over medium heat, turning occasionally, until almost completely blackened, 10–15 minutes. Transfer to separate bowls. Cover jalapeños with plastic and let sit 5 minutes. Remove skins and stems, then cut a slit lengthwise along 1 side and remove seeds and veins. (If you like it spicy, leave a few seeds and veins.) Peel garlic.Meanwhile, purée masa and 2 cups broth in a blender until smooth. Strain through a fine-mesh sieve into a Dutch oven or other large pot set over medium heat. Cook, stirring constantly, until sauce is very thick and you can see the bottom of pot when you stir, about 5 minutes.Meanwhile, purée jalapeños, tomatillos, garlic, cilantro, parsley, allspice, cloves, cumin, and 1 cup broth in clean blender until smooth. Stir into sauce. Reduce heat to low and cook mole until thickened, about 5 minutes. Add more broth, if sauce gets too thick. For optimal color and flavor, be careful not to overcook. Add chayote and green beans and cook until warmed through. Season with salt and serve with meat or fish of choice. "\t"Seared Swordfish with Fennel and Endive Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4, plus leftover fish for lunch Servings1½ pounds skinless swordfish steak, trimmed of any bloodlines, divided into 5 portionsKosher salt and freshly ground pepper2 tablespoons olive oil, divided1 head fennel, core intact, cut into ½” wedges, plus fennel fronds for serving2 Belgian endives, cores intact, quartered lengthwise½ cup homemade chicken stock or low-sodium chicken broth1 tablespoon white wineFresh parsley leaves (for serving)|  Preparation Preheat oven to 425°. Season fish with salt and pepper. Heat 1 Tbsp oil in a large ovenproof skillet over medium-high heat. Add fennel and cook until golden brown and crisp-tender, about 4 minute per side. Add endive quarters and let brown on both cut sides, about 2 minutes per side. Transfer vegetables to a plate and wipe out skillet.Heat remaining 1 Tbsp oil in skillet. Add fish and cook until browned on both sides, about 3 minutes per side. Turn off heat; add chicken stock, fennel, and endive wedges. Transfer skillet to oven and cook until fish is just cooked through, about 5 minutes. Reserve 1 portion of fish for tomorrow’s lunch.Remove vegetables and remaining fish from skillet and whisk wine into liquid. If juices are runny, cook over medium-high heat until sauce is thick and slightly reduced, about 3 minutes.To serve, pour sauce over fish and vegetables; top with parsley leaves and fennel fronds. "\t"Big Batch of Oven-Steamed Beets Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 Servings4 pounds red beets, scrubbed, halved if large2 tablespoons olive oilKosher salt and freshly ground black pepperHandful of thyme, 1 sprig rosemary, and/or 2 bay leaves|  Preparation ACTIVE: 15TOTAL: 1Preheat oven to 425°. Toss beets with oil in a 13x9” baking dish; season with salt and pepper. Add whatever herb you're using and ¼ cup water. Cover pan tightly with foil (you want steam to build up in there) and roast beets until a paring knife slips easily through flesh, 60–75 minutes. Remove from oven and let cool in covered pan, which will help loosen the skins. Rub off skins with paper towels.__DO AHEAD:__Beets can be steamed 3 days ahead. Let cool; cover and chill. "\t"The Antipasti Plate Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 1 Servings5 thin slices hard salami2 ounces hard cheese (such as Parmesan), cut into ½” pieces¼ cup assorted olives8 cherry tomatoes8 crackers|  Preparation Pack salami, cheese, olives, and tomatoes in separate containers. Place crackers in a small resealable plastic bag to keep them crisp. "\t"Espresso Old Fashioned Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 1 Servings1 double shot espresso (about 2 oz.), room temperature1 ounce bourbon or rye whiskey (optional)¼ ounce simple syrupDash of Peychaud’s bitters1 1" piece lemon peel|  Preparation Combine espresso, bourbon, if using, simple syrup, and bitters in a cocktail shaker and fill with ice. Stir until outside of shaker is frosty, about 30 seconds; strain into a lowball glass filled with ice. Twist lemon peel over cocktail to release oils, then rub over the rim of glass; discard peel. "\t"Gluten-Free Vanilla Birthday Cake Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 8 ServingsCake1½ cups (3 sticks) unsalted butter, room temperature, plus more for pans2 cups King Arthur Flour gluten free multi-purpose flour, plus more for pans½ cup coconut flour1 teaspoon xanthan gum1 teaspoon baking powder½ teaspoon baking soda½ teaspoon kosher salt1½ cups sugar5 large eggs, room temperature1 vanilla bean, split lengthwise2 teaspoon vanilla extract1 cup buttermilkFrosting1 cup (2 sticks) unsalted butter, room temperature4½ cups powdered sugar, sifted2 teaspoons vanilla extract¼ teaspoon kosher salt2 tablespoons whole milkIngredient InfoCoconut flour and xanthan gum are available at natural food stores and some supermarkets, or online.|  Preparation CakePreheat oven to 325°. Lightly butter two 8"-diameter cake pans and line with parchment rounds; butter and flour parchment. Whisk coconut flour, xanthan gum, baking powder, baking soda, salt, and 2 cups multi-purpose flour in a medium bowl.Using an electric mixer on medium-high speed, beat sugar and 1 1/2 cups butter in a large bowl until light and fluffy, about 5 minutes. Reduce speed to low and add eggs, one at a time, beating to blend between additions. Scrape in vanilla seeds (save pod for another use), add vanilla extract, and mix just to combine. Add dry ingredients in 3 additions, alternating with buttermilk in 2 additions, beginning and ending with dry ingredients. Mix just to combine (batter will be thick), then increase speed to medium-high and beat until smooth, about 1 minute.Divide batter between prepared pans, smooth tops, and bake until golden and a tester inserted into the center comes out clean, 35–40 minutes.Transfer pans to a wire rack and let cakes cool in pans 10 minutes. Turn out cakes onto rack and let cool completely.FrostingUsing an electric mixer on medium-high speed, beat butter in a medium bowl until creamy, about 4 minutes. Reduce speed to low and add sugar, beating until smooth. Mix in vanilla and salt, then add milk 1 Tbsp at a time, mixing constantly until frosting is thick but spreadable.Using a serrated knife, trim rounded tops from both cakes to make them flat. Place 1 cake layer, trimmed side up, on a platter. Spread frosting over top to coat. Top with second cake layer. Spread remaining frosting evenly over top and sides of cake.DO AHEAD: Cake can be assembled 1 day ahead. Store loosely covered at room temperature. "\t"Thanksgiving Butterball with Chai Spice Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes ½ cup½ cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, at room temperature½ teaspoon ground cinnamon½ teaspoon ground ginger¼ teaspoon ground cardamom¼ teaspoon kosher salt|  Preparation Stir mix-ins into butter in a small bowl. Cover and chill until ready to use (up to 3 days). Bring to room temperature before serving so butter is easy to spread. Or, if using molds, press butter into molds while still soft and chill until firm. Unmold just before serving. "\t"Banana-Oat Snack Cake Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 12 Servings6 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into ½” pieces, melted, plus more for baking dish1½ cups old-fashioned oats1 cup all-purpose flour2 teaspoons baking powder1 teaspoon ground cinnamon1 teaspoon kosher salt1¼ cups (packed) light brown sugar2 large eggs1 teaspoon vanilla extract3 bananas, chopped|  Preparation Preheat oven to 350°. Lightly coat an 8x8” baking dish with butter and line with parchment paper. Whisk oats, flour, baking powder, cinnamon, and salt in a large bowl; set aside. Whisk brown sugar, eggs, and vanilla in another large bowl until mixture is smooth.Slowly stream butter into brown sugar mixture, whisking constantly until well blended. Add bananas to dry ingredients; toss to coat. Stir into brown sugar mixture (batter will be thick). Spread batter in prepared dish. Bake until cake is golden brown and the edges start to pull away from sides of dish, 35–40 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack and let cool completely in dish. Cut into 12 servings. "\t"Banana, Peanut Butter and Cornflakes Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 1 Servings1 banana2 tablespoons peanut butter1 cup cornflakes¼ cup raisins|  Preparation Slice ¼” off the end of the unpeeled banana and slide in a wooden ice-pop stick (when peeled, it will look like a banana pop). Spoon peanut butter into a small resealable plastic bag, squeezing it as far toward one corner as possible without cutting the bag. Twist to seal and tie with kitchen twine, trimming excess plastic to make a mini pastry bag. Place cornflakes and raisins in separate containers.To eat, peel banana. Snip the mini pastry bag and squeeze peanut butter onto banana, then dip into cornflakes and raisins. "\t"Grilled Clams with Chorizo Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 Servings½ cup (1 stick) unsalted butter1 head of garlic, cut in half, horizontally2 links of fresh Mexican-style chorizo (about 8 oz.)24 cherrystone clams, scrubbed¼ cup chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley4 ½” slices country-style bread, grilled or toastedLemon wedges, for serving|  Preparation Combine butter and garlic, cut side down, in a small saucepot and place over medium heat so the butter melts but does not brown; set aside.Prepare grill for medium heat. Grill chorizo, turning occasionally, until cooked through, 10–12 minutes.Meanwhile, grill clams just until they open, about 2 minutes. As clams open, using tongs, place directly in serving bowls being careful not to spill their juices. Drizzle clams with some of the garlic butter as they come off the grill.Slice each piece of chorizo into 6 pieces, add to clams, drizzle with more garlic butter, and top with parsley. Serve with grilled bread and lemons wedges. "\t"Grilled Lamb Kefta Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 6 Servings1 teaspoon fennel seed1 teaspoon cumin seed1 medium onion, chopped4 garlic cloves, chopped1 cup fresh flat-leaf parsley leaves1 cup fresh cilantro leaves and tender stems, plus more for serving1 cup fresh mint leaves1 teaspoon ground corianderKosher salt, freshly ground pepper1½ pounds ground lamb2 tablespoons olive oil, plus more for grill¼ cup plain Greek yogurt¼ cup tahiniLemon wedges, for servingWarm pita, for serving|  Preparation Toast fennel and cumin seeds in a small dry skillet, over medium-high heat, tossing often, until fragrant, about 1 minute; let cool, then chop, or coarsely grind in a spice grinder.Transfer fennel and cumin to a food processor along with onion, garlic, parsley, cilantro, mint, and coriander, and process until very finely chopped, scraping down sides of bowl as needed. Transfer mixture to a large bowl, add lamb, season with salt and pepper, and, using your hands, gently mix together until evenly combined. Chill mixture at least 1 hour.DO AHEAD: Lamb mixture can be made up to 1 day ahead; keep chilled.Prepare grill for medium-high heat and lightly oil grill grates. Divide lamb mixture into 8 portions. Form each portion into a 5”-long sausage shape. Insert a metal skewer lengthwise through each portion. Drizzle with oil and grill, turning occasionally, until just cooked through (do not overcook or the kefta will be dry), 8–10 minutes.Meanwhile, mix together yogurt, tahini, and ¼ cup water in a small bowl until smooth; season with salt and pepper.Serve kefta with yogurt sauce, cilantro, and lemon wedges. Serve with warm pita. "\t"Sausage Burgers Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 Servings1½ pounds loose pork sausage4 Kaiser rolls or burger buns, split and toasted2 tablespoons olive oil3 bell peppers, assorted colors, seeded and cut into ½” strips (about 1½ lbs.)1 medium yellow onion, sliced ½” thick2 tablespoons sherry or red wine vinegar2 tablespoons honeyKosher salt, freshly ground pepper|  Preparation Prepare grill for medium heat. Form sausage into 4½”-thick patties. Grill patties, moving and flipping as necessary, until completely cooked through, about 5 minutes per side.Heat oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add peppers and onions and cook, stirring often, until wilted and soft, 8–10 minutes. Add vinegar and honey, and cook, stirring, until slightly thickened, about 2 minutes; season with salt and pepper.Serve patties on grilled buns, topped with peppers and onions. "\t"Grilled Zucchini and Ricotta Flatbread Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 Servings2 tablespoons olive oil, plus more for grill2 large zucchini (about 1 lb.), sliced lengthwise ¼” thick1 bunch scallions, trimmed (about 6 oz.)Kosher salt, freshly ground black pepper1 lemon, halved1 pound prepared pizza dough, room temperature, divided in half1 garlic clove, halved6 ounces fresh whole milk ricotta1 ounce grated asiago cheese or pecorinoCrushed red pepper flakes and torn fresh basil leaves, for serving|  Preparation Prepare grill for 2-zone heat (for a charcoal grill, bank coals on 1 side of grill; for a gas grill, leave 1 or 2 burners off); lightly oil grill grates. Toss zucchini and scallions with 2 Tbsp olive oil; season with salt and pepper. Grill over direct heat, turning often, until zucchini and scallions are tender and charred in spots, about 5 minutes; set aside. Meanwhile, grill lemon halves cut-side down over direct heat until lightly charred, about 4 minutes; set aside. Cut scallions into 2” pieces with scissors.Gently stretch each piece of dough into a rectangle or oval about 14”x8” and transfer to 2 lightly oiled baking sheets. (If dough springs back, cover and let rest 10 minutes, then stretch again, resting as needed). Transfer both pieces of prepared dough to grill over direct heat. Cook until first side is lightly charred and dough is dry and stiff, about 1 minute. Turn and cook just until reverse side has a few light grill marks, about 30 seconds. Transfer to baking sheet and let cool slightly. Rub charred side of dough with garlic and top with grilled vegetables, dividing evenly. Dollop with ricotta and sprinkle with asiago.Return flatbreads to indirect heat; close grill and cook until cheese is warmed through and crust is crispy, about 5 minutes. Transfer to work surface and squeeze charred lemon halves over the flatbread. Sprinkle with red pepper flakes, basil, and salt; drizzle with olive oil. "\t"Gilded Youth Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes 1 Servings1 ounce rye, such as Bulleit¾ ounce blood orange or orange juice, freshly squeezed if possible½ ounce Bonal or Genepy de Alpes¼ ounce Yellow ChartreuseDash Angostura bitters1½ ounces tepache (click here for recipe)Blood orange wedge, for garnish|  Preparation Combine rye, blood orange juice, Bonal, and Chartreuse in a cocktail shaker; fill with ice. Swizzle (stir) until cold and strain into a chilled sour glass, top with crushed ice, and a dash of bitters. "\t"Tomato and Butter Tartine Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 1 Servings1 slice rye or white bread2 tablespoons unsalted butter, softenedSeveral slices tomatoKosher salt, freshly ground pepper|  Preparation Smear bread with butter and top with sliced tomato. Season with salt and pepper. "\t"Ramp Kimchi Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes 6 cups1 pound ramps4 large garlic cloves, finely grated3 tablespoons gochujang (Korean hot pepper paste)3 tablespoons sugar4 teaspoons kosher salt1 tablespoon fish sauce (such as nam pla or nuoc nam)1 tablespoon reduced-sodium soy sauce2 teaspoons finely grated peeled ginger½ large head Napa cabbage, cut into 1" pieces (about 6 cups)½ medium daikon (Japanese white radish), peeled, halved lengthwise, thinly sliced into half-moons (about 1 ½ cups)Special EquipmentCheesecloth|  Preparation Separate ramp stems and greens from bulbs; chop bulbs; set aside.Whisk garlic, gochujang, sugar, salt, fish sauce, soy sauce, ginger, and 1 Tbsp water in large bowl until smooth. Add cabbage, daikon, and reserved ramp bulbs, stems, and leaves and toss to combine. Massage vegetables with your fingers to lightly crush and release liquid.Transfer mixture to a large glass jar, leaving at least 2" headspace. Pack down vegetables to eliminate air gaps and submerge in liquid. Cover jar with cheesecloth and secure with a large rubber band.Let sit out of direct sunlight at room temperature, packing down vegetables once a day to keep submerged, until kimchi tastes tangy and releases bubbles when stirred, 3–5 days. Move to a smaller jar if needed; discard cheesecloth. Cover with a lid and chill.Do ahead: Kimchi can be made 1 month ahead. Keep chilled. "\t"Celery and Fennel Salad Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 Servings¼ cup pine nuts1 large fennel bulb, very thinly sliced6 celery stalks, very thinly sliced½ cup fresh flat-leaf parsley leaves with tender stems3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice3 tablespoons olive oilKosher salt, freshly ground pepper2 ounces Parmesan, shaved|  Preparation Preheat oven to 350°. Toast pine nuts on a rimmed baking sheet, tossing occasionally, until golden brown, 8–10 minutes; let cool.Toss fennel, celery, parsley, and pine nuts with lemon juice and oil in a large bowl; season with salt and pepper. Serve salad, topped with Parmesan. "\t"Turnips with Roasted Garlic Goat Cheese and Sesame Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 Servings1 head of garlic, halved crosswise1¼ cups plus 2 tablespoons olive oil, plus more for drizzling8 ounces goat cheeseKosher salt, freshly ground pepper1 tablespoon black and/or white sesame seeds1 teaspoon finely grated lime zest1 teaspoon chopped fresh oregano1 teaspoon fresh thyme leaves¼ teaspoon sumac12 ounces small turnips (about 16), peeled, half quartered, half thinly sliced into rounds1 tablespoon Sherry vinegar or red wine vinegarCilantro leaves with tender stems and mint leaves (for serving)Ingredient infoSumac, a tart, citrusy spice sold in ground form, is available at Middle Eastern markets and specialty foods stores, and online.|  Preparation Heat oven to 350°. Combine garlic and 1 1/4 cups oil in a small baking dish. Cover dish with foil and roast until garlic is golden brown and tender, 45–50 minutes; let cool.Remove garlic from oil; squeeze cloves from skins and finely chop to a paste. Process in a food processor along with goat cheese, 1/4 cup garlic roasting oil, and 2 Tbsp water until smooth (mixture should be spreadable); season with salt and pepper.Meanwhile, toast sesame seeds in a dry skillet over medium heat until golden brown, about 1 minute. Transfer to a small bowl and let cool. Mix in lime zest, oregano, thyme, and sumac.Toss turnips in a medium bowl with vinegar and 2 Tbsp oil; season with salt and pepper. Divide goat cheese mixture among plates, top with turnips, sesame mixture, cilantro, and mint, and drizzle with more oil.Do ahead: Roasted garlic goat cheese can be made 1 day ahead; cover and chill. Bring to room temperature before using. Sesame mixture can be made 4 hours ahead. Store airtight at room temperature. "\t"Stir-Fried Okra with Shallots, Chile, and Ginger Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 Servings½ cup vegetable oil2 large shallots, thinly sliced4 garlic cloves, thinly sliced1 serrano chile, thinly sliced2 tablespoons finely chopped peeled ginger1 pound fresh okra, halved lengthwise, quartered if largeKosher salt, freshly ground pepper2 tablespoons fresh lime juiceLime wedges (for serving)|  Preparation Heat 1/4 cup oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Cook 1 shallot, 2 garlic cloves, 1/2 chile, and 1 Tbsp ginger, stirring, 30 seconds. Add half of okra and cook, tossing occasionally, until tender and golden brown, about 4 minutes; season with salt and pepper and transfer to a plate. Repeat with remaining oil, shallot, garlic, chile, ginger, and okra, returning first batch to skillet when second batch has finished cooking.Add lime juice and toss to combine.Serve with lime wedges for squeezing over. "\t"Strawberry-Graham Scones Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes About 10 Servings1¼ cups all-purpose flour1¼ cups graham flour or whole wheat pastry flour1 tablespoon baking powder1 teaspoon kosher salt¼ cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar10 tablespoons chilled unsalted butter, cut into pieces6 ounces strawberries, hulled, cut into 1/2" pieces (about 1 ½ cups)3/4 cup whole milk1 large egg yolk|  Preparation Preheat oven to 375°. Pulse all-purpose flour, graham flour, baking powder, salt, and ¼ cup sugar in a food processor to combine. Add butter and pulse until the texture of coarse meal with a few pea-size pieces of butter remaining.Transfer mixture to a medium bowl, add strawberries, and toss to combine. Whisk milk and egg yolk in a small bowl. Add milk mixture to dry ingredients, and, using a fork, gently mix just to combine. Using your hands, gently knead a few times just until a shaggy dough comes together.Place a 2 ½x1" round cookie cutter on a parchment-lined baking sheet. Gently press about 1/8 of dough into the cutter (you want to pack dough enough to hold together but not so much that scones will be dense and heavy), then lift cutter straight up, leaving a neat round of dough. Repeat with remaining dough.Sprinkle scones with remaining 1 Tbsp sugar. Chill in freezer 20 minutes (this will help scones hold their shape).Bake scones until golden brown, 25–30 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack and let cool slightly.DO AHEAD: Scones can be made 2 days ahead. Store airtight at room temperature. "\t"Tomato Grilled-Cheese Soup Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 8 Servings4 tablespoons (½ stick) unsalted butter, plus ½ cup (1 stick) at room temperature, divided1 medium red onion, choppedKosher salt, freshly ground pepper2 tablespoons tomato paste2 28-oz. cans crushed fire-roasted tomatoes4 cups vegetable broth2 sprigs thyme1 bay leaf2 tablespoons sugar½ cup heavy cream16 slices Pullman loaf16 ounces cheddar, grated|  Preparation Heat 4 Tbsp butter in a Dutch oven or medium stockpot over medium heat. Add onion and cook, stirring often, until softened and lightly browned around the edges, 8–10 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Add tomato paste and cook, stirring to coat onion, until tomato paste is slightly darkened in color, about 2 minutes. Add canned tomatoes, vegetable broth, thyme, bay leaf, and sugar and bring to a simmer. Season with salt and pepper and cook until flavors are melded, 35–40 minutes. Remove from heat and stir in cream. Remove thyme stems and bay leaf and let cool slightly. Working in batches, purée in a blender until smooth.Heat a dry skillet, preferably cast-iron, over medium heat. Dividing evenly, spread room-temperature butter over bread slices. Top unbuttered side of 8 slices with cheddar, dividing evenly. Top with remaining bread, buttered side up, and cook, turning once, until bread is golden brown and cheese is melted, about 3 minutes per side. Cut sandwiches into soldiers and serve alongside hot soup for dipping. "\t"Lentils and Chickpeas with Greens Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 2 Servings½ cup green lentils3 tablespoons olive oil, divided½ bunch greens, such as spinach, kale, or Swiss chard, bottom stems trimmedKosher salt, freshly ground pepper1 15-oz. can chickpeas, rinsed4 cherry tomatoes, halved or quartered if large1 tablespoon Parmesan or sharp cheddar, cut into small dice1 lemon, halved|  Preparation Cook lentils in a medium pot of salted water until tender, 10–15 minutes; drain and let cool. Heat 1 Tbsp oil in a medium skillet over medium-high heat. Add greens and cook, stirring occasionally, until wilted and bright green, about 3 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Combine lentils, chickpeas, and remaining 2 Tbsp olive oil in a medium bowl; season with salt and pepper. Divide among 2 bowls and top with greens, tomatoes, and Parmesan. Squeeze lemon over. "\t"Grilled Little Gem Salad with Pita Croutons Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 Servings8 heads Little Gem lettuce (about 1½ lbs.), halved lengthwise6 tablespoons olive oil, divided, plus more for grillKosher salt, freshly ground pepper2 pocket pitas, split along the seam3 tablespoons white wine vinegar2 tablespoons chopped fresh tarragon1 small shallot, finely chopped1 teaspoon Dijon mustard1 cup Sun Gold tomatoes, halved½ cup whole flat-leaf parsley leaves2 ounces ricotta salata, crumbled|  Preparation Prepare grill for medium heat and lightly oil grates. Toss lettuce with 2 Tbsp olive oil in a large bowl and season with salt and pepper. Brush pita with 2 Tbsp olive oil.Grill lettuce, turning once, until outside of lettuce is lightly charred but inside is still firm, about 2 minutes per side; let cool, then separate leaves. Meanwhile, grill pita until crisp, about 1 minute per side. Let cool, then break into bite-size pieces.Whisk together vinegar, tarragon, shallot, mustard, and remaining 2 Tbsp oil in a large bowl; season with salt and pepper. Add lettuce, tomatoes, parsley, ricotta salata, and pita, and toss to combine.DO AHEAD: Dressing can be made up to 1 day ahead. "\t"Tuna Melt Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 Servings1 can chunk light tuna2 tablespoons mayonnaise1 tablespoon lemon juice1 tablespoon chopped fresh dillKosher salt, freshly ground pepperWheat crackersHavarti cheese, sliced|  Preparation Thoroughly drain 1 can chunk light tuna and transfer to a medium bowl. Add mayonnaise, lemon juice, and chopped fresh dill. Mix with a fork until tuna is smooth and spreadable; season with salt and pepper. Scoop tuna onto stone-ground wheat crackers and top with sliced Havarti cheese. Toast crackers in a toaster oven until cheese is just melted, about 2 minutes. "\t"Summer Babe Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes 1 Servings2 ounces gin¾ ounces Génépy des Alpes¾ ounces fresh lemon juiceLemon twist (for serving)|  Preparation Combine gin, Génépy des Alpes, and lemon juice in a cocktail shaker and fill with ice. Shake until outside of shaker is frosty, about 30 seconds. Strain into a chilled coupe glass and garnish with lemon twist. "\t"Fresh Artichoke, Olive, and Burrata Pizza Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 Servings½ teaspoon finely grated lemon zest1 lemon, halved2 large artichokes5 tablespoons olive oil, plus more for baking sheetKosher salt, freshly ground pepper1 pound prepared pizza dough, room temperature, divided into 4 pieces2 8 oz. balls burrata, torn into 1" pieces¾ cup green olives (such as Castelveltrano), pitted, very coarsely chopped1 tablespoon fresh rosemary leaves|  Preparation Heat oven to 450°. Squeeze juice from lemon halves into a bowl of water. Using a serrated knife, remove outer leaves from artichokes to expose heart. Trim 3" from top. Trim stems and remove tough outer layer with a vegetable peeler. Halve artichokes lengthwise and remove choke with a spoon. Dip in lemon water to prevent artichokes from browning. Thinly slice and place in a small bowl. Drizzle with 1 Tbsp oil and toss to coat; season with salt and pepper.Gently stretch each piece of dough into a 9" round and transfer to 2 lightly rimmed oiled baking sheets. (If dough springs back, cover and let rest 10 minutes, then stretch again, resting as needed).Brush with remaining 4 Tbsp oil; season with salt and pepper. Top with burrata, olives, artichokes, and rosemary. Bake pizza, rotating baking sheet halfway through, until cheese is melted and bubbly and crust is golden brown, 12–15 minutes. Top with lemon zest and season with more pepper. "\t"Roman Sambal Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes about 1 cup½ pound red red Fresno chiles or red jalapeños1 garlic clove1 tablespoon kosher salt¼ cup white distilled vinegar¼ cup fresh lime juice2 teaspoons sugarSpecial equipment: cheesecloth|  Preparation Pulse chiles, garlic, and salt in a food processor to a fine paste. Transfer to a glass jar; cover with cheesecloth and secure with a rubber band. Let sit at room temperature at least 1 day and up to 2 days to ferment (read: develop flavor—the longer it sits, the better).Transfer chile mixture to a blender; add lime juice, vinegar, and sugar and purée until smooth. Transfer to a clean jar, cover with cheesecloth, and let sit at room temperature at least 1 day and up to 2 days to ferment more. Chill until cold.Do aheadSambal can be made 1 month ahead. Keep chilled. "\t"Come Fly with Us Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 1 Servings3/4 ounce Pama (pomegranate liqueur)3/4 ounce vodka1/2 ounce Punt e Mes1 dash Bittermen's Xocolatl Mole or Angostura bitters4 ounces sparkling roséOrange twist (for serving)|  Preparation Combine Pama, vodka, Punt e Mes, and bitters in a large glass, mixing glass, or cocktail shaker filled with ice. Stir until outside of glass is frosty, about 30 seconds. Strain into a coupe glass or Champagne flute and top with rosé. Garnish with orange twist. "\t"BLT Salad Recipe | Bon Appetit|8 slices bacon1 4-ounce piece rustic country-style bread⅓ cup mayonnaise2 tablespoons fresh lemon juiceKosher salt, freshly ground pepper⅓ cup olive oilPinch of sugar¼ bunch or a very small handful of chives2 romaine hearts1 pound ripe juicy tomatoes, cut into bite-size wedges or slices1 large avocado, sliced|  Preheat oven to 350°. Arrange bacon slices side by side on a small rimmed baking sheet, overlapping slightly if necessary.Bake bacon, removing sheet from oven and turning slices with tongs halfway through, until slices are deep reddish brown with crispy edges, 25–35 minutes. Increase oven temperature to 425°.While bacon is cooking, cut crusts off bread; discard. Tear bread into 1" pieces. Don’t worry if the pieces end up in different shapes and sizes. Irregular is good! You should have about 2 lightly packed cups.ABOUT THAT WHOLE BACON-IN-THE-OVEN THING…Transfer bacon to a paper towel–lined plate and blot with more paper towels to absorb excess fat. The bacon will crisp as it cools. Reserve baking sheet with bacon fat.Scatter bread on reserved baking sheet and toss with tongs until bread is evenly coated in fat.Bake bread, tossing once halfway through, until pieces are golden all over and crisp, 10–15 minutes. Let cool.Meanwhile, whisk ⅓ cup mayonnaise and 2 Tbsp lemon juice in a medium bowl. Season with salt and lots of pepper, then slowly stream in ⅓ cup oil, whisking until dressing is thick and emulsified. Whisk in a pinch of sugar; set aside.Thinly slice enough chives to measure 2 Tbsp and whisk into bowl with dressing.Slice remaining chives into 1" pieces; set aside.Halve romaine hearts lengthwise, trim off root ends, then cut each half in half again crosswise. Arrange lettuce pieces on a large platter or divide among individual plates. Season with salt and pepper and drizzle about a third of the dressing over top.Arrange tomatoes, avocado, and croutons over and around lettuce pieces.Break up cooled bacon with your hands into rough 1" pieces and scatter over salad. Drizzle with remaining dressing.Sprinkle with reserved chives and serve. "\t"Tomatillo Salsa Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 Servings2 tablespoons vegetable oil8 medium tomatillos (about 14 oz.), husked, sliced ½" thickKosher salt1/2 jalapeño, seeds removed if desired, coarsely chopped1/4 cup fresh cilantro leaves with tender stems2 tablespoons fresh lime juiceFreshly ground black pepper|  Preparation Heat oil in a cast-iron skillet over high heat. Season both sides of tomatillo slices with salt. Cook slices until lightly charred, about 3 minutes per side. Transfer to plate and let cool 10 minutes.Pulse tomatillos, jalapeño, cilantro, and lime juice in a blender until smooth, about 20 seconds; season with salt and pepper. "\t"Ancho Chile Salsa Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 Servings2 vine-ripened tomatoes, halved1 tablespoon vegetable oilKosher salt3 cups water1 dried ancho chile, seeds removed1 garlic clove, peeled1 jalapeño, thinly sliced into rounds, seeds removed if desired1 teaspoon distilled white vinegarFreshly ground black pepper|  Preparation Heat broiler. Toss tomatoes with oil on a rimmed baking sheet and season with salt. Broil until skins are charred in spots, 6–8 minutes. Let cool.Meanwhile, bring water to a boil in a small saucepan. Add ancho chile and garlic and boil, stirring occasionally, until soft, about 5 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer chile and garlic to a plate; let cool. Reserve cooking liquid.Squeeze tomatoes to remove most seeds and place in blender along with jalapeño, vinegar, ancho chile, garlic, and ¼ cup reserved cooking liquid. Blend, adding more cooking liquid as needed, until smooth, about 30 seconds; season with salt and pepper. "\t"Pour Over Irish Coffee Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes 1 Servings1 small sugar cube6 ounces hot freshly brewed coffee2 ounces GrandTen Distilling South Boston Irish whiskeyWhipped cream (for serving)A few dashes A few dashes Bittermens Xocolatl Mole Bitters (optional; for serving)|  Preparation Place sugar cube in an Irish coffee mug. Add coffee and whiskey and stir to combine. Top with whipped cream and bitters, if using. "\t"Irish Iced Coffee Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes 1 Servings2 ounces Tullamore Dew Irish whiskey1 teaspoon ground espresso2 teaspoons demerara sugar3 ounces cold brew coffee (such as Grady’s)Whipped cream (for serving)|  Preparation Combine whiskey and espresso in a small bowl; let stand 15 minutes. Strain whiskey through a coffee filter into a cocktail shaker.Meanwhile, stir sugar and 2 tsp hot water in a small bowl until sugar is dissolved.Add demerara syrup and cold brew to cocktail shaker; fill with ice. Shake until outside of shaker is frosty, about 30 seconds. Strain into a Collins glass filled with ice and top with whipped cream. "\t"Picante Pigeon Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes 1 Servings1–2 jalapeño slices2 teaspoons sugar2 ounces tequila reposado2 ounces fresh pink grapefruit juice1 ounce fresh lime juiceGrapefruit slice (for serving)|  Preparation Muddle jalapeño and sugar in a cocktail shaker. Add tequila, grapefruit juice, and lime juice; fill shaker with ice. Shake until outside of shaker is frosty, about 30 seconds. Strain into a rocks glass filled with ice and garnish with grapefruit slice. "\t"Whole Grain Pancakes Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 servings¾ cup whole wheat flour½ cup all-purpose flour2 tablespoons sugar1 teaspoon baking powder1 teaspoon baking soda1 teaspoon kosher salt1 large egg1½ cups buttermilk2 cups mixed cooked whole grains, such as barley, farro, rye, spelt, kamut, and/or quinoaMelted unsalted butter (for pan)Sliced peaches or other stone fruit and pure maple syrup (for serving)|  Preparation Whisk flours, sugar, baking powder, baking soda, and salt in a large bowl. Whisk egg and buttermilk in a medium bowl. Using a few swift strokes, whisk egg mixture into dry ingredients until combined. Stir in grains (note: you can pulse the grains in a food processor if you’d prefer them in smaller pieces).Heat a large nonstick skillet over medium-high. Lightly brush with butter. Add half of batter to skillet, spreading into an even layer as wide as the skillet. Cook pancake until bubbles have formed and broken across entire surface and underside is golden brown, 4–5 minutes. Using 2 spatulas (or sliding onto a flat plate before inverting back into skillet), flip pancake. Continue to cook until lightly browned underneath, about 1 minute.Transfer pancake to a plate, then repeat with remaining batter. Serve pancakes topped with sliced fruit and syrup. "\t"Ricotta Pancakes with Blueberry-Lemon Compote Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes 8 large4 cups fresh blueberries (about 1½ pounds), divided¼ cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar1 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more1½ teaspoons finely grated lemon zest1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice4 large eggs, separated½ cup all-purpose flour½ cup whole wheat flour1½ teaspoons baking powder¼ teaspoon baking soda1⅓ cups whole-milk fresh ricotta¾ cup buttermilk2 teaspoons vanilla extractVegetable oil (for griddle)Pure maple syrup and room-temperature butter (for serving)|  Preparation Cook 2 cups blueberries, ¼ cup sugar, and a pinch of salt in a medium saucepan over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until berries start to burst and mixture becomes thick and jammy, 6–8 minutes. Add lemon zest, lemon juice, and 1 cup blueberries. Bring to a boil, then remove from heat. Let compote sit until you are ready to serve.Using an electric mixer on high speed, beat egg whites in a medium bowl until stiff peaks form, 3–5 minutes. Whisk all-purpose flour, whole wheat flour, baking powder, baking soda, and remaining 1 Tbsp sugar and 1 tsp salt in a large bowl to combine. Whisk egg yolks, ricotta, buttermilk, and vanilla in another medium bowl.Add egg yolk mixture to dry ingredients and stir with a rubber spatula to incorporate. Fold in one-third of egg whites to lighten, then add remaining egg whites and fold in until no streaks remain.Heat a griddle or a large skillet over medium-low; brush with oil. Working in batches, scoop ½-cupfuls of batter onto griddle. Top each with 2 Tbsp fresh blueberries. Cook pancakes until bottoms are golden brown and bubbles form on top, about 3 minutes. Flip and cook, reducing heat if browning too quickly, until second sides are golden brown and pancakes are cooked through, about 2 minutes.Serve pancakes with warm compote, maple syrup, and butter.Do Ahead: Compote can be made 2 days ahead. Let cool; cover and chill. "\t"The Mary Chapman Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 1 Servings1 red or green Thai chile2 oz. London dry gin1 oz. Cocchi Americano1 stalk lemongrass|  Preparation Make a lengthwise slit in chile, but do not cut all the way through (chile should remain intact). Rub the rim of a coupe glass with inside of chile and drop chile into glass.Lightly smash lemongrass with the back of a chef’s knife until split slightly and fragrant. Combine gin and Cocchi in a pint glass or cocktail shaker, fill with ice, and stir with lemongrass stalk until outside of glass is frosty, about 30 seconds. Remove lemongrass; discard. Strain drink into prepared glass with chile. "\t"Magic Crispy Chicken Recipe | Bon Appetit|1½ pounds boneless, skinless chicken thighs (about 6)1 large egg yolk3 tablespoons plus ¼ cup mayonnaise1 tablespoon plus ¼ cup Dijon mustard1½ teaspoons Diamond Crystal or ¾ teaspoon Morton kosher salt, plus moreFreshly ground black pepper½ cup olive oil2 cups panko (Japanese breadcrumbs)1 tablespoon honeyPinch of cayenne pepper3 tablespoons finely chopped chives|  Position a rack in center of oven; preheat to 450°. Place a wire rack inside a rimmed baking sheet. Place chicken on rack, then pat dry with paper towels.THE COOLING RACK IS CRISPY FOOD'S BEST FRIENDWhisk egg yolk, 3 Tbsp mayo, 1 Tbsp mustard, and 1½ tsp salt in a large bowl. Add several cranks of black pepper and whisk until smooth.Add chicken to bowl and turn pieces several times with tongs until evenly coated; set aside.Heat oil in a medium skillet over medium. After about a minute, test oil to see if it’s hot enough by adding a pinch of panko. If tiny bubbles appear instantly around each bit of panko, you’re good to go.PANKO IS THE BEST THING TO BUY AT THE GROCERY STOREAdd remaining panko and cook, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon, until crumbs are golden brown, about 5 minutes. Make sure to get around the edges and incorporate darker crumbs that form at the perimeter.Remove skillet from heat and let cool several minutes. Place skillet on work surface next to bowl of chicken and wire rack.Using tongs, take one piece of chicken at a time and place in skillet. Using one hand, pat surrounding toasted panko over top of thigh, pressing firmly to adhere. Turn chicken and repeat on other side with more crumbs.Lightly shake off excess crumbs. Transfer chicken to wire rack.Repeat with remaining chicken pieces, transferring each to rack and spacing evenly apart. Discard any remaining panko.Transfer sheet to oven and bake chicken until fully cooked through, juices run clear when pierced with a knife, and breadcrumbs have gone a couple of shades past golden into deep brown territory, 15–20 minutes. Let cool.Stir honey, cayenne, and remaining ¼ cup mayonnaise and ¼ cup mustard in a small bowl. Season with black pepper.Stir chives into honey mustard sauce and serve with chicken. "\t"Potato-Bacon Breakfast Tacos with Monterey Jack Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 Servings4 ounces bacon (about 6 slices), cut into 1/2" pieces1 large russet potato, peeled, cut into ¼" piecesKosher salt, freshly ground pepper8 6" flour tortillas, warmed8 large eggs2 tablespoons unsalted butterMonterey Jack or cheddar, shredded (for serving)1 avocado, sliced (for serving)Hot sauce (for serving)|  Preparation Cook bacon, stirring occasionally, until crisp, 6–8 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer to paper towels to drain (do not pour off fat from skillet).Add potatoes to skillet and cook, stirring often, until golden brown and tender, 10–12 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer to a plate; season with salt and pepper.Meanwhile, whisk eggs in a large bowl to blend; season with salt and pepper. Heat butter in a large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Cook eggs, stirring occasionally and scraping bottom of skillet with a heatproof spatula to form large curds, until just set, about 3 minutes. Remove from heat and mix in bacon.Fill tortillas with egg mixture and potatoes and top with cheese, avocado, and hot sauce. "\t"Rice Vinegar–Pickled Onions Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes 1 1/2 cups Servings1 small red onion, thinly sliced1 cup unseasoned rice vinegar1/3 cup sugar1 tablespoon kosher salt|  Preparation Place onions in large heatproof jar.Heat vinegar, sugar, salt, and 1/3 cup water in small saucepan over medium-high heat, whisking occasionally, until sugar and salt are dissolved, about 3 minutes.Pour pickling liquid over onions (onions should be submerged). Let cool.DO AHEAD: Onions can be pickled 2 weeks ahead. Cover and chill. Drain before using. "\t"Sponge Cake Recipe Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes one 13x9" cakeNonstick vegetable cooking spray½ cup whole milk¼ cup (½ stick) unsalted butter1½ cups all-purpose flour2 teaspoons baking powder3 large eggs, room temperature¾ teaspoon kosher salt¾ cup sugar1 teaspoon vanilla extract|  Preparation Arrange a rack in center of oven; preheat to 350˚. Lightly coat a 13x9" baking dish with nonstick spray, then line with parchment paper, leaving a 2" overhang on long sides. Lightly coat parchment with nonstick spray.Heat milk and butter in a small saucepan over medium, stirring, until butter is melted. Let cool.Whisk flour and baking powder in a small bowl. Sift through a fine-mesh sieve onto a piece of parchment or waxed paper.Using an electric mixer on low speed, beat eggs in a large bowl, gradually increasing speed to medium-high, until combined. Add salt and continue to beat until mixture begins to foam, about 1 minute. Reduce mixer speed to low and gradually add sugar; increase speed to high and beat until very light and pale yellow, about 4 minutes. Reduce mixer speed to low again and gradually add dry ingredients, using parchment to help guide it into bowl, and beat on medium speed until no lumps remain and batter is very thick. Beat in vanilla and cooled milk mixture just until combined. Scrape sides and bottom of bowl with a spatula, give batter a good stir with spatula, then scrape into prepared pan.Bake cake until top is golden and a tester inserted into the center comes out clean, 15–25 minutes. Let cool.Do Ahead: Cake can be made 1 day ahead. Wrap with plastic and store at room temperature. "\t"Warm Milk Punch Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 12 ServingsZest of 4 lemons, removed with a peeler2 tablespoons sugar1 cup fresh lemon juice1 cup Demerara Simple Syrup (click for recipe)1 750-ml bottle Pierre Ferrand 1840 Cognac or other full-bodied Cognac, preferably 86–94 proof750 ml El Dorado 5-year-old rum or other dark rum3 cups whole milkSpecial equipment: cheesecloth|  Preparation Using a wooden spoon, muddle lemon zest and sugar in a medium bowl until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Cover and let sit at least 3 hours and up to 12 hours (longer is better). At this point sugar should be dissolved, leaving a lemon-flavored syrup.Combine lemon syrup, lemon juice, demerara syrup, Cognac, and rum in a large pitcher. Bring milk to a bare simmer in a medium saucepan. Immediately pour milk into Cognac mixture (milk will curdle right away). Cover and chill at least 1 hour and up to 24 hours.Strain mixture through a fine-mesh sieve lined with cheesecloth into a large bowl. Cover and chill until cold (any remaining curds should settle at the bottom of the pitcher).Carefully ladle clarified punch into a clean pitcher, leaving any remaining curds behind. Chill until ready to serve. Reheat gently just before serving and divide among teacups.Do aheadPunch base can be made 1 week ahead. Keep chilled. "\t"Gluten-Free Chocolate-Tahini Brownies Recipe Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes 163 tablespoons cornstarch2 tablespoons unsweetened cocoa powder6 ounces bittersweet chocolate, coarsely chopped3 tablespoons virgin coconut oil4 tablespoons tahini, divided2 large eggs⅓ cup granulated sugar¼ cup (packed) light brown sugar1 teaspoon kosher salt1 teaspoon vanilla extract1 tablespoon light agave syrup (nectar)|  Preparation Preheat oven to 350°. Line an 8x8" baking dish with 2 overlapping pieces of parchment paper, leaving at least a 3" overhang on 2 sides.Whisk cornstarch and cocoa powder in a medium bowl until no lumps remain. Heat chocolate, oil, and 1 Tbsp tahini in a small saucepan over low, stirring, until melted and smooth.Using an electric mixer on medium-high speed, beat eggs, granulated sugar, and brown sugar in a large bowl until light, smooth, and doubled in volume, 3–4 minutes. Beat in salt and vanilla to combine, then beat in chocolate mixture, scraping down sides as needed, until incorporated. Beat in cornstarch mixture, then increase speed to medium-high and beat until mixture is thick and holds its shape, about 30 seconds.Stir agave syrup and remaining 3 Tbsp tahini in a small bowl. Scrape batter into prepared baking dish and smooth top. Dollop agave mixture over and swirl into top of batter with a skewer or toothpick.Bake brownies until sides are puffed, top is browned, and a tester inserted into the center comes out with a few moist crumbs attached, 22–26 minutes. Let cool before removing from pan and cutting into 16 squares.Do Ahead: Brownies can be made 3 days ahead. Wrap in plastic and store at room temperature. "\t"Spicy Chicken and Cabbage Salad Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 servings1 small red onion2 skinless, boneless chicken breasts (about 1 pound, 5 ounces)3 garlic cloves, smashed1 red chile, halved, thinly sliced, divided2 cups cilantro leaves with tender stems, divided1 tablespoon Diamond Crystal or 1¾ teaspoons Morton kosher salt, divided, plus more3 tablespoons vegetable oil⅓ cup peanuts, preferably skin-onJuice from 1 lime (about 2 tablespoons)½ medium head of green cabbage, very thinly sliced2 medium Persian cucumbers, thinly sliced on a bias|  Preparation Cut onion in half. Coarsely chop one half, then thinly slice the other half; set slices aside. Transfer chopped onion to a medium pot. Add chicken, garlic, half of chiles, 1 cup cilantro, 2½ tsp salt, and 4 cups water. Slowly bring to a bare simmer over medium heat. Once liquid begins to simmer, reduce heat to low and cook until juices run clear when thickest part of chicken is pierced, 10–12 minutes.Transfer chicken to a cutting board and let cool; coarsely shred. Reserve ¼ cup poaching liquid and chill until ready to use. (Strain and reserve any remaining poaching liquid for another use.)Heat oil in small skillet over medium. Cook peanuts, stirring often, until golden, 3–5 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer peanuts to cutting board; coarsely chop. Reserve cooking oil.Whisk chilled poaching liquid, reserved peanut oil, and lime juice in a large bowl. Add cabbage, season with salt, then massage with your hands for a minute to soften. Add cucumbers, chicken, remaining chiles, remaining 1 cup cilantro, reserved sliced onion, and half of peanuts; season with salt and toss to combine. Top with remaining peanuts before serving.Do Ahead: Chicken can be poached 2 days ahead. Let chicken and broth cool separately. Wrap chicken and transfer broth to an airtight container; chill. "\t"Green Goddess Whipped Feta Dip Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes about 2 cups8 ounces feta1 cup (or more) buttermilk2 cups cilantro leaves with tender stems2 cups parsley leaves with tender stems, plus sprigs for serving½ cup tarragon leaves4 oil-packed anchovy fillets, chopped (optional)2 tablespoons finely grated lemon zest1 tablespoon fresh lemon juiceKosher salt, freshly ground pepperOlive oil (for drizzling)Mixed crudité, such as radishes, halved if large, endive, leaves separated, small carrots, scrubbed, trimmed, and/or baby fennel (for serving)|  Preparation Process feta and buttermilk in a food processor until smooth. Add cilantro, parsley, tarragon, anchovies (if using), and lemon zest. Continue to process, adding more buttermilk if needed, until mixture is smooth and pale green with small flecks of herbs still visible. Add lemon juice, season with salt and pepper, and process just to combine.Transfer dip to a medium bowl. Drizzle with oil and top with a few sprigs of parsley. Serve on a platter with crudité.Do Ahead: Dip can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and chill. "\t"Congee with Spring Vegetables and Green Garlic Oil Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 servingsChicken-Bacon Stock3 pounds chicken wings½ pound sliced bacon1 large white onion, halved1 1-inch piece ginger, peeled, lightly crushedCongee and Assembly¾ cup jasmine riceKosher salt1 green garlic stalk, trimmed, coarsely chopped, or 1 small leek plus 1 garlic clove, coarsely chopped1 small bunch cilantro, coarsely chopped (about 3 cups), plus more for serving1 cup schmaltz or olive oil1 tablespoon olive oil1½ ounces thick-cut bacon, cut into small pieces (about 1 thick slice)2 ounces morel mushrooms, halved if large, or sliced shiitake mushrooms (about 1 cup)½ pound asparagus, trimmed, cut into 1-inch pieces on a steep diagonal1 cup baby peas, thawed if frozen|  Preparation Chicken-Bacon StockBring chicken wings, bacon, onion, ginger, and 4 quarts water to a boil in a large stockpot. Reduce heat and simmer, uncovered, skimming off any foam that rises to the surface, until stock is richly flavored and wings are beginning to fall apart, 1½–2 hours. Strain through a fine-mesh sieve into a large bowl (you should have about 3 quarts stock); reserve chicken for another use.Do Ahead: Stock can be made 5 days ahead. Cover and chill, or freeze up to 3 months.Congee and AssemblyBring 1½ quarts chicken-bacon stock to a boil in a small pot. Add rice and bring to a simmer; season with salt. Cook, lowering heat as needed to maintain a gentle simmer and stirring occasionally, until rice is beginning to fall apart and congee is the consistency of a loose porridge, 40–45 minutes. Season again with salt, if needed.Meanwhile, purée green garlic, cilantro, schmaltz, and a pinch of salt in a blender until smooth and very bright green, about 2 minutes. Strain through a fine-mesh sieve into a medium bowl; discard solids. (Note: you will have extra, but you can store it for another use.)Heat olive oil in a medium skillet over medium. Cook bacon, stirring often, until browned and crispy, 6–8 minutes. Transfer bacon to a plate with a slotted spoon. Add mushrooms to skillet and cook, tossing occasionally, until lightly browned, 4–5 minutes. Add asparagus and cook, tossing, until crisp-tender, about 3 minutes; season with salt. Add peas and cooked bacon and toss just to combine.Divide congee among bowls. Top with vegetables, then drizzle with green garlic oil. Top with more cilantro before serving.Do Ahead: Green garlic oil can be made 2 days ahead; cover and chill, or freeze up to 1 month. "\t"Easy Burgers Recipe | Bon Appetit|20 ounces ground beef, 80% leanKosher salt2 tablespoons vegetable oil, divided2 tablespoons plus ½ cup mayonnaise (preferably Hellmann’s)4 potato or soft-seeded hamburger buns4 slices American cheese3 tablespoons ketchup¼ cup sweet pickle relish1 tablespoon hot sauce, such as Tapatío, Cholula, or CrystalFreshly ground black pepper4 large iceberg lettuce leaves, torn into large pieces¼ medium red onion, sliced as thinly as possible|  Divide beef into 4 equal pieces. Using both hands, work meat into smooth spheres, compacting very lightly.Place a large sheet of parchment paper, plastic wrap, or foil on your work surface. Place balls on top, spacing evenly. Place another piece of parchment (or whatever you’re using) over and press down to flatten each ball into a patty 5" in diameter.Peel back top sheet and use your fingertips to press a shallow, 2"-wide depression into the center of each patty. The meat will contract and push up in the center as the patties cook; making this little divot helps to keep the burgers flat.Season meat generously with salt. Drizzle patties with 1 Tbsp oil, dividing evenly.Gently flip patties on parchment and season the other side with salt. Drizzle with remaining 1 Tbsp oil.Using the back of a spoon, spread 2 Tbsp mayonnaise over both cut sides of all buns, dividing evenly and spreading all around.Heat a large skillet over medium-low and cook half of buns, mayonnaise side down, until golden and crisp around the edges, 2–3 minutes. Transfer to a plate and cook remaining buns; set them aside and increase heat to medium-high.Peel 2 patties off of parchment paper and press down gently into skillet, spacing evenly apart. Cook, without any touching or fussing, until edges are browned and you can see juices pooling in the center of patties, about 5 minutes.Slide a thin metal spatula, preferably a flexible one like a fish spatula, underneath patties and flip them over.Place a slice of cheese over each patty, reduce heat to medium-low, and cover skillet. Cook until cheese is melted, about 1 minute.Transfer patties to a plate. Let rest about 5 minutes. Meanwhile, wipe out skillet with paper towel and repeat cooking process with remaining patties.While burgers are resting, make your secret sauce. Stir ketchup, relish, hot sauce, and remaining ½ cup mayonnaise in a small bowl to combine, then season generously with salt and pepper.WAIT, WHAT IS SPECIAL SAUCE, ANYWAYS?Start to build your burger. Stack 2–3 pieces of lettuce on bottom halves of buns. Place several slices of onion on top of lettuce.Smear a couple of tablespoons of secret sauce on top halves of buns.Place burgers on top of onions, close burgers with top bun, and serve! "\t"Eggs in Purgatory Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 servings¼ cup olive oil, plus more for drizzling5 garlic cloves, smashedKosher salt, freshly ground pepper½ teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes20 ounces cherry tomatoes1 bunch Swiss chard, preferably rainbow6 large eggs4 thin slices country-style bread1 lemonFlaky sea salt or kosher saltHandful of basil leaves|  Preparation Heat ¼ cup oil in a medium skillet over medium-high. When it just starts to shimmer, add garlic and season generously with kosher salt and black pepper. Cook, stirring constantly, until garlic is just turning golden around the edges, about 2 minutes. Stir in red pepper flakes, then add tomatoes and cook, tossing occasionally, until tomatoes look plumped and some of the skins start to split, about 2 minutes.Reduce heat to medium. Cover pan and cook, stirring tomatoes every couple of minutes and lightly smashing them with a wooden spoon to encourage them to release some juices, until mixture is saucy and tomatoes are slightly deflated but still hold some shape, 5–7 minutes.Meanwhile, strip leaves off Swiss chard stems and tear into bite-sized pieces (or bigger, your call). Reserve stems for your next sauté. Transfer leaves to a medium bowl.Reduce heat under tomatoes to medium-low (sauce should be bubbling gently). Carefully crack eggs into a large measuring glass, then slip one at a time into tomato mixture, spacing them evenly apart around perimeter of pan. Season eggs with salt and pepper, cover pan, and cook until whites are set but yolks are still runny, 4–6 minutes.While eggs are cooking, toast bread until crisp. Drizzle with oil, then firmly rub outside of lemon onto toasts to release aromatic oils from peel (you’ll smell it!). Sprinkle toasts with sea salt.Squeeze about 2 Tbsp lemon juice over greens, then toss in basil. Drizzle some oil over and season with kosher salt and black pepper. Toss again to combine.Scoop an egg out of pan, spooning it up from underneath to keep the yolk intact, and transfer to a small shallow bowl. Spoon extra sauce around egg and sprinkle with sea salt. Repeat with remaining eggs. Serve with salad and toasts alongside.Do Ahead: Tomato mixture can be made 1 day ahead. Let cool; cover and chill. Reheat over medium until simmering before adding eggs. "\t"Tomato and Garlic Pie Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes one 9" pie2½ pounds mixed heirloom tomatoes, cored, sliced ¼-inch thick3 tablespoons olive oil¾ teaspoon kosher salt, divided, plus more¼ teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus more6 garlic cloves½ cup (1 stick) unsalted butter9 ounces Stoned Wheat Thins or other whole grain crackers2 large eggs10 ounces Taleggio cheese, rind removed, coarsely grated (about 1½ cups)2½ ounces finely crumbled Parmesan (about ½ cup)½ cup mayonnaise1 tablespoon chopped thyme, plus ½ teaspoon leaves1 small shallot, thinly slicedSpecial EquipmentA 9-inch-diameter springform pan|  Preparation Place a rack in middle of oven; preheat to 475°. Arrange tomatoes on a rimmed baking sheet, covering entire surface (it’s okay if they overlap). Drizzle with oil; season with salt and pepper. Roast until tomatoes begin to look dry on top, 25–30 minutes. Let cool.Meanwhile, cook garlic and butter in a small saucepan over medium-low heat, swirling often, until butter foams and milk solids turn golden, 5–8 minutes. Strain through a fine-mesh sieve into a heatproof measuring cup; transfer garlic and toasty bits to a cutting board. Finely chop and set aside.Reduce oven temperature to 375°. Pulse crackers and ¼ tsp salt in a food processor until fine crumbs form (you should have about 2 cups). Add eggs and 6 Tbsp garlic butter and pulse until mixture is the consistency of wet sand.Transfer to springform pan. Using a flat-sided measuring cup, press crumbs firmly onto bottom and 1½" up sides of pan. Bake crust until fragrant and edge is just starting to take on color, 8–10 minutes. Transfer pan to a wire rack and let crust cool.Mix Taleggio, Parmesan, mayonnaise, chopped thyme, remaining ½ tsp salt, remaining ¼ tsp pepper, and reserved chopped garlic in a medium bowl. Gently dollop half of cheese mixture over bottom of crust, then spread into an even layer with an offset spatula (don’t press too hard or you will break the crust). Layer half of tomato slices over and press down to even out layers. Repeat with remaining cheese mixture and tomatoes. Brush remaining garlic butter over tomatoes. Top with shallot, then scatter thyme leaves over.Bake pie until filling bubbles vigorously and crust is browned, 60–75 minutes. Let cool 1 hour before serving.Do Ahead: Pie can be made 1 day ahead. Cover loosely and chill (it’s really good cold). "\t"Pineapple and Mezcal Tonic Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 8 servings3 cups pineapple juice, chilled1¾ cups mezcal½ cup fresh lime juice1 cup demerara or raw sugar2 limes, cut into wedges3 12-ounce cans seltzerMaraschino cherries and cocktail umbrellas (for serving)|  Preparation Combine pineapple juice, mezcal, and lime juice in a large pitcher. Cover and chill until cold, about 30 minutes.Place sugar on a small plate. Rub a lime wedge on rim of an 8-oz. glass. Dip rim into sugar. Fill glass with ice cubes and pour in pineapple mixture until glass is two-thirds full. Top with seltzer and stir to combine. Garnish with same lime wedge, a cherry, and a paper umbrella. "\t"Caramelized Onions Recipe | Bon Appetit|2 large yellow onions, peeled (about 1 pound)2 tablespoons unsalted butterKosher saltLow-sodium chicken broth or water (for pan; optional)|  Halve both onions through root end. Using the tip of your knife, cut a V-shaped notch around root to remove it (this will ensure that all slices separate when you cut the onion).Place 1 onion half on your cutting board so root end is facing you, then thinly slice onion lengthwise, starting at one side and working all the way to the other (so your knife runs through the root halfway through, not starting or ending at the root end). You’re going for slices that are ¼"–⅛" thick.Repeat same slicing procedure for remaining onion halves. It’s a lot of onion! But it will cook down quite a bit, so it’s best to start with a large quantity.Heat 2 Tbsp butter in a large saucepan over medium until melted and sizzling. You can use a skillet to cook the onions, but a pan with high sides will keep the onions from flipping out onto your stove. Using a pan that also has a wide base gives water room to evaporate, allowing the onions to caramelize rather than steam.Instead of dumping in all of the onions at once, which would fill the pot and make it hard to stir (which would then cause the ones on the bottom to cook faster), start by adding just a couple of large handfuls to the pot. Cook, stirring, until onions are soft and starting to turn translucent, 1–2 minutes. Stir in a few more handfuls of onion and repeat cooking and stirring process until you’ve added all the onions. Season with a pinch of salt.Reduce heat to medium-low and continue to cook onions, stirring every few minutes to prevent them from sticking and coloring too much in any one place, until blonde-colored, 15–20 minutes. This is the point of doneness for French onion soup! If you feel like onions are getting too brown around the edges or they’re sticking, reduce your heat a bit.If you’re going for onions that are both softer and more caramelized (say for a patty melt or onion dip), keep cooking, stirring on the regular, until onions are unmistakably golden brown, another 15–20 minutes. Because most of the water has cooked off at this point, there might be some bare spots where the pot could start to burn. If this happens, stir in a splash of broth or water. The liquid will dissolve the cooked-on bits, which the onions will re-absorb.For extra-dark onions, the kind that make a great burger topping, cook until they start to almost blacken around the edges and go slightly crisp, another 10–15 minutes. This requires constant attention so they don’t burn. No one said caramelized onions were quick!Let onions cool in the saucepan, then use or transfer to an airtight container and chill. They will keep up to 1 week. "\t"Coconut-Chile Palapa Sauce Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes about 4 cups1 fresh coconut16 red Thai chiles6 dried shiitake mushrooms¼ cup vegetable oil1½ heads of garlic, separated into cloves, peeled, finely chopped1 2-inch piece ginger, peeled, finely chopped1 bunch scallions, trimmed, chopped6 makrut lime leaves, thinly sliced, or 1½ teaspoons finely grated lime zest3 tablespoons sugar1 tablespoon Diamond Crystal or 2 teaspoons Morton kosher salt|  Preparation Cut coconut in half by holding it in one hand and striking firmly with the back (blunt side) of a heavy knife or cleaver, rotating the coconut and hitting around the equator until it splits. Whack coconut halves with the back of knife to loosen meat from shell. Shred coconut meat using the large holes of a box grater or the shredding blade of a food processor.Pulse chiles in a food processor until finely chopped (this is to save your hands and nose from their intense heat; if you chop by hand, use gloves!). Transfer to a small bowl.Grind mushrooms in spice mill or with mortar and pestle (you can also use food processor again) until reduced to a powder.Toast coconut in a dry wok or large cast-iron skillet over medium heat, stirring often, until deeply browned in spots (just this side of burnt) 15–20 minutes. Transfer to another small bowl.Heat oil in wok over medium-low. Cook garlic, ginger, and scallions, stirring constantly, until very fragrant, about 3 minutes. Stir in chopped chiles, mushroom powder, toasted coconut, lime leaves, sugar, and salt. Cook, stirring often, until golden brown and very aromatic, about 5 minutes. Let cool before serving.Do Ahead: Palapa can be made 3 months ahead. Cover and chill. "\t"Smoked Beef Ribs Recipe Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 6 servings¼ cup whole peppercorns¼ cup Diamond Crystal or 2½ tablespoons Morton kosher salt10 pounds bone-in, 10-inch-long beef shortribs (about 6 large)½ cup hot sauce, such as Frank’sSpecial EquipmentA spice mill or mortar and pestle; a chimney starter if using a charcoal grill, or a smoker box if using a gas grill; hardwood chunks or chips|  Preparation Grind peppercorns in spice mill or with mortar and pestle until coarsely ground. Transfer to a small bowl; add salt and stir to combine. Slather ribs with hot sauce and sprinkle all of salt mixture all over ribs.If using a charcoal grill, soak wood in water and fill chimney starter halfway up the side with charcoal; light and let burn until coals are covered with a thin layer of ash. Pour contents of chimney onto one side of grill. Arrange 3 chunks of wood or a handful of chips on top of coals. Place grate on grill and cover grill, positioning vent on lid as far from heat source as possible. (This will help draw the smoke up and over the meat as it rises.)If using a gas grill, prepare grill for medium-low, indirect heat, leaving one or two burners off. Place wood chips in smoker box and set over direct heat; cover grill.Stick an ovenproof probe thermometer through top vent if your grill has one. Let fire cool until thermometer registers 250–275°, adjusting vents on bottom and top of grill or control knobs as needed to maintain temperature, about 30 minutes.Grill ribs bone side down over indirect heat, leaving a small gap between each to allow smoke to circulate, and replenishing wood and adding a coal or two of unlit charcoal as needed, until a nearly black crust forms all over ribs and an instant-read thermometer inserted into the thickest part of each piece registers 185°, 2½–3½ hours.Remove ribs from heat, wrap them individually in foil and return to grill grates. Continue to cook over indirect heat, lowering heat as needed to maintain a temperature as close to 225–250° as possible (or transfer to a 225° oven), until ribs are fork-tender and an instant-read thermometer inserted into the thickest part of each piece registers 195°, 2½–3 hours longer. Let rest in foil 20 minutes before serving. "\t"Potato Salad with Mustard Sauce Recipe Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 servings1¼ pounds peewee, peanut, or baby potatoes (as small as possible), scrubbedKosher salt2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar2 tablespoons Dijon mustard2 tablespoons whole grain mustard2 tablespoons chopped dill pickles1 tablespoon pickle brine2 tablespoons chopped dill, plus more for servingFreshly ground black pepper2 cups trimmed watercressOlive oil (for drizzling)|  Preparation Place potatoes in a large pot and cover with cold water. Throw in a palmful of salt and bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer until fork-tender, 15–20 minutes. Drain, then let cool slightly (the potatoes should be warm when you dress them, which will help them soak up the flavors).Meanwhile, mix vinegar, Dijon mustard, whole grain mustard, pickles, pickle brine, and 2 Tbsp dill in a large bowl.Slice potatoes in half and transfer to bowl with vinegar mixture; season with salt and pepper and toss to coat. Let cool.Add watercress and toss to coat. Top with more dill, a good drizzle of oil, and more pepper.Do Ahead: Potato salad, without watercress, can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and chill. "\t"Watercress Salad with Radishes Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 servings3 large any color radishes (or 4 regular radishes), unpeeled, thinly sliced1 firm, tart apple, such as Honeycrisp, Pink Lady, or Braeburn, unpeeled, thinly sliced, seeds removed½ very thinly sliced, seeds removed, peel and flesh coarsely chopped1 tablespoon fresh lemon juiceKosher salt, freshly ground pepper4 cups picked watercress with tender stems4 scallions or 2 small spring onions, white and light green parts thinly sliced into rings2 tablespoons olive oil|  Preparation Mix radishes, apple, lemon, and lemon juice in a large bowl; season with salt and pepper. Let sit 10 minutes to marinate.Add watercress, scallions, and oil. Season with salt and lots of pepper and toss to coat. "\t"Lamb Chops with Tomato Salad Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 1 serving2 lamb loin chops (about 10 ounces total)Kosher salt¼ teaspoon ground cinnamon1 tablespoon roasted pistachios2 tablespoons olive oil1 tablespoon toasted white sesame seedsFreshly ground black pepper4 scallions, green parts only, thinly sliced½ lemon1 head of Little Gem lettuce or 1 small endive, leaves separated2 medium heirloom tomatoes (about 10 ounces), cut into 1½–2-inch irregular piecesSpecial EquipmentA spice mill or mortar and pestle|  Preparation Season lamb all over with salt, then rub with cinnamon, making sure to get into every nook and cranny. Finely grind pistachios in spice mill or with mortar and pestle.Heat oil in a medium skillet over medium until hot and shiny. Cook lamb, turning once, until golden brown, about 3 minutes per side. The goal here is to cook out some of the fat while you brown the meat, so make sure to keep the heat moderate to prevent overcooking before that can happen. Remove from heat and let rest 5 minutes. Reserve 2 Tbsp pan drippings.Meanwhile, mix pistachios, sesame seeds, and about 6 turns of pepper (1 tsp) in a medium bowl. Set aside a big pinch of pistachio mixture for serving. Add scallion greens to bowl, along with zest and juice of lemon half. Stir in reserved 2 Tbsp pan drippings; season with salt. Add lettuce and tomatoes and toss to coat.Sprinkle salad with reserved pistachio mixture. Serve lamb chops (you can slice the meat off, if desired) with tomato salad alongside. "\t"Dairy-Free Trout Dip Recipe Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 servings1 cup slivered almonds¼ cup olive oil½ teaspoon kosher salt, plus more5 ounces smoked trout, skin and bones removed2 scallions, dark green and white parts separated, very thinly sliced½ teaspoon finely grated lemon zest1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, plus moreFreshly ground black pepper|  Preparation Purée almonds, oil, ½ tsp salt, and ½ cup water in a high-powered blender on high speed until thick and smooth, about 3 minutes. Transfer almond purée to a medium bowl.Using a fork, smash trout into smaller pieces and mix with scallion whites, lemon zest, 1 tsp lemon juice, and a big pinch of pepper. Taste and adjust salt and lemon juice accordingly. Transfer to a serving bowl, then top with scallion greens and more pepper.Do Ahead: Dip can be made 2 day ahead. Cover and chill. "\t"Berries with Tea-Infused Cream and Pistachios Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 servings4 cups mixed berries (such as blueberries, raspberries, halved blackberries, and/or quartered strawberries)1 4-inch rhubarb stalk, thinly sliced on a bias4 tablespoons sugar, divided5 teaspoons (about 3 tea bags) loose Earl Grey tea, dividedKosher salt¾ cup half-and-half⅓ cup whole-milk yogurt (not Greek)¼ cup finely ground roasted pistachios|  Preparation Toss berries, rhubarb, 3 Tbsp sugar, 1 tsp tea, and a pinch of salt in a large bowl. Let sit, tossing occasionally, until berries begin to soften and release some of their juices, 15–20 minutes.Meanwhile, bring half-and-half to a simmer in a small saucepan over medium heat. Remove from heat and stir in remaining 4 tsp tea and 1 Tbsp sugar; let steep 4 minutes. Strain through a fine-mesh sieve into a medium bowl, pressing on solids; discard solids. Let cool before whisking in yogurt. (The mixture should have the consistency of heavy cream.) Divide berry mixture among bowls. Top with yogurt mixture and pistachios. "\t"Blackberry-Pistachio Crumble Bars Recipe | Bon Appetit|1 lemon1 cup all-purpose flour1 cup light brown sugar1½ teaspoons ground cinnamon½ teaspoon kosher salt, plus more½ cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, melted, cooled¾ cup pistachios or sliced almonds12 ounces blackberries (from 2 6-ounce containers), halved crosswise if large1 tablespoon cornstarch|  Place a rack in center of oven; preheat to 350°. Using a microplane, finely grate zest of lemon into a medium bowl (keep lemon for juicing later).NOT SURE IF YOUR OVEN IS THE RIGHT TEMPERATURE? YOU NEED AN OVEN THERMOMETER.Add 1 cup flour, 1 cup brown sugar, 1½ tsp cinnamon, and ½ tsp salt to bowl with zest and toss with your hands to combine and break up any clumps of sugar.Slowly drizzle ½ cup butter into bowl, stirring with a fork, until no dry spots remain and mixture holds together in pebble-size pieces.If you’re using pistachios, chop on cutting board. It’s okay to have some larger and some finer pieces, but try not to leave any nuts whole. Add to bowl with flour mixture and toss to distribute. If you’re using sliced almonds, no need to chop first–just toss them in.Press half of pistachio crumb mixture (about 1½ cups) evenly across bottom of 8x8" pan. Flatten into pan by pressing very firmly with your fingers and palm. This compact layer will bake into a firm, sturdy bottom crust, and it will be much easier to slice into neat bars. Save remaining crumb mixture for later.Bake until nuts are golden brown and crust is visibly darkened in color, 15–20 minutes. Let cool about 10 minutes. This step firms the crust further, and dries it out, so fruit topping won’t make it soggy.Meanwhile, cut zested lemon in half. Working over another medium bowl, insert fork into lemon flesh and twist it to extract juice from one half (fish out and discard any seeds). You should have about 2 Tbsp juice. Add 12 oz. blackberries, 1 Tbsp cornstarch, and a pinch of salt; stir with a rubber spatula to coat berries.WANT TO SUBSTITUTE FROZEN BERRIES FOR FRESH? READ THIS FIRST.Scrape blackberry mixture over slightly cooled crust and use spatula to distribute fruit into an even layer.Using your hands, sprinkle reserved crumb mixture over berries in an even layer.Bake bars until top of crumble is browned, nuts are toasted, and juices from berries are bubbling just a bit around the edges, 25–30 minutes.Let cool completely before serving. Cut into bars or squares. "\t"Raspberry Trifle Recipe Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 16 servingsCustard4 cups whole milk2 cups heavy cream¼ cup (½ stick) unsalted butter, cut into pieces¼ teaspoon kosher salt1 vanilla bean, split lengthwise10 large egg yolks1 cup sugar¼ cup cornstarchJam and Assembly2 pounds ripe raspberries, divided¾ cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar2 cups heavy cream⅛ teaspoon kosher saltSponge cake or store-bought angel food, sponge, or pound cake (at least 4 cups)¼ cup orange liqueur, divided2 ounces freeze-dried raspberries or red luster dust (optional)Special EquipmentA 3-quart trifle bowl|  Preparation CustardStir milk, cream, butter, and salt in a large saucepan, then scrape in vanilla seeds; add pod. Bring to a simmer over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until mixture is warm and butter is melted.Meanwhile, whisk egg yolks and sugar in a medium bowl until very pale and light, about 3 minutes. Add cornstarch, whisking until no dry spots remain. Whisking constantly, gradually add warm milk mixture. Return mixture to saucepan and cook over medium-high heat, whisking constantly, until custard is thick and pudding-like in texture, and begins to boil, about 6 minutes.Strain custard through a fine-mesh sieve into a medium bowl, using a rubber spatula to help press it through. Cover with plastic, pressing directly onto surface, and chill until cold, at least 2 hours.Do Ahead: Custard can be made 3 days ahead. Keep chilled.Compote and AssemblyCook 1 lb. raspberries and ¾ cup sugar in a large saucepan over medium heat, stirring occasionally and skimming foam from surface, until thick and jammy, 6–8 minutes. Remove from heat and let sit 5 minutes. Transfer to a medium bowl and gently fold in remaining 1 lb. raspberries until coated, being careful not to break them up. Cover and chill until cold, about 2 hours.Using an electric mixer on high speed, beat cream, salt, and remaining 1 Tbsp sugar in a large bowl until stiff peaks form. Cover and chill.Trim edges of 13x9" sponge cake to square off. Cut cake lengthwise into 5 strips about ⅛" thick; these will be placed inside the trifle bowl, flush against the glass, to create the appearance of an even and continuous band of cake for each layer. Cut or tear remaining cake into ½" pieces (you will need about 4 cups).Using an offset spatula, evenly spread ½ cup whipped cream into bottom of trifle bowl. Arrange a strip of cake inside bowl with cut side flush against the glass. Gently press cake into whipped cream to secure. Repeat with another strip of cake, trimming to fit, until cake strips touch at ends to make a continuous ring. Arrange about 2 cups cake pieces in a single layer over cream (and within cake band), pressing gently to secure.Brush 2 Tbsp orange liqueur over cake layer. Spread half of raspberry compote over, then gently press down into cake layer. Place whole berries against the glass to create a ring of berries (check outside of bowl as you go). Using offset spatula, spread about 2 cups custard over raspberry layer. At this point, your trifle bowl should be a little less than half full. If filling is past that point, hold back a bit on next layers. (On the other hand, if Paul Hollywood is giving you side-eye and you want to win this thing, spoon out some custard to get back down to the midway mark.)Top custard layer with about 1½ cups whipped cream, spreading wall-to-wall in a thin, even layer. Repeat with remaining cake strips, cake pieces, orange liqueur, raspberry compote, and custard. Finally, top with whipped cream. The bowl should now be completely full with cream billowing over the top.Loosely cover trifle with plastic wrap and chill at least 5 hours and up to 12 (it will settle a bit as it chills).For a traditional look, swirl cream decoratively with offset spatula. For a modern presentation, place the dull edge of a knife or other flat-edged tool against top rim of bowl and scrape any excess cream off the edge. This will give you a flat layer of cream perfectly flush with top rim of bowl.If desired, pulverize dried raspberries in a blender on medium-high speed until very finely ground. Transfer to a fine-mesh sieve and dust over trifle until completely covered. Or, for a red disco finish, sprinkle luster dust over trifle, letting a little cream peek through here and there.Serve chilled. "\t"Caramelized Banana and Almond Nice Cream Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes about 2 cups2 tablespoons virgin coconut oil3 large ripe but firm bananas, peeled1 tablespoon dark brown sugar¼ teaspoon kosher salt¼ cup coconut cream or coconut milk¼ cup almond butter|  Preparation Heat oil in a medium nonstick skillet over medium. Add bananas and cook, undisturbed, until dark brown underneath, about 3 minutes. Turn and continue to cook, turning occasionally, until caramelized around the edges but still mostly firm, 2–3 minutes more. Add brown sugar and salt and toss just to coat bananas.Transfer bananas (along with any liquid) to a small silpat-lined rimmed baking sheet (or a baking sheet coated lightly with nonstick spray). Freeze until hard, about 3 hours.Let bananas soften just until you’re able to break them into large clumps (they should still be mostly frozen so this is really just a few minutes) and transfer to a food processor. Pulse until finely chopped, scraping down occasionally, then continue to pulse until a smooth paste forms, about 2 minutes. Add coconut cream and pulse until smooth and creamy, about 1 minute more. Add almond butter and pulse just until combined.Transfer nice cream to an airtight container and freeze until firm, at least 3 hours.Do Ahead: Nice cream can be made 2 weeks ahead. Keep frozen. If too hard, let soften for a few minutes before scooping. "\t"Rosé-Aperol Spritz Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4–6 servings¾ cup passion fruit juice, chilled¼ cup Aperol¼ cup fresh lime juice4 teaspoons sugar1 750ml bottle sparkling rosé, chilledRuby red grapefruit wedges (for serving)|  Preparation Whisk passion fruit juice, Aperol, lime juice, and sugar in a large pitcher until sugar is dissolved. Stir in rosé.Serve spritz in large ice-filled wine glasses. Garnish with a grapefruit wedge. "\t"Salmon Burgers Recipe Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 servings1½ pounds boneless, skinless center-cut salmon, patted dry5 scallions, green parts finely chopped, white parts thinly sliced1 1-inch piece ginger, peeled, finely grated1 garlic clove, finely grated2 tablespoons plus ⅔ cup mayonnaiseKosher salt1 teaspoon toasted sesame oil4 teaspoons unseasoned rice vinegar, divided3 medium Persian cucumbers, shaved lengthwise½ serrano chile, very thinly sliced crosswise1 teaspoon sugar¼ cup (or more) vegetable oil½ cup rice flour2 cups tender herbs, such as torn mint and/or cilantro leaves with tender stems¾ cup trimmed watercress2 teaspoons toasted white sesame seeds (optional)4 brioche buns, lightly toasted|  Preparation Cut salmon into 2" pieces. Transfer one-third of salmon (about 8 oz.) to a food processor and process, scraping down sides, until mixture is very smooth and paste-like. Add remaining salmon and pulse 4–5 times until pieces are no bigger than ¼" (be careful not to make it too smooth). Transfer to a large bowl.Mix in scallion greens, ginger, garlic, 2 Tbsp mayonnaise, and 1 tsp salt; toss to combine. Form mixture into 4 patties about ¾" thick. Transfer to a parchment-lined rimmed baking sheet and cover with plastic wrap. Chill at least 1 hour or up to 3 (you’ll want to chill the patties so that they hold their shape before getting cooked).Meanwhile, mix sesame oil, 1 tsp vinegar, remaining ⅔ cup mayonnaise, and a pinch of salt in a small bowl; set aside until ready to use.Toss cucumbers with a pinch of salt in another small bowl. Massage with your hands for a few minutes, squeezing lightly to expel water; discard cucumber liquid. Add chile, sugar, and 2 tsp vinegar to bowl; toss to coat. Chill until ready to assemble burgers.Heat oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium-high until oil begins to shimmer. Remove salmon patties from fridge right before cooking and sprinkle with flour just to coat the outside (you won’t need all of it). The patties will be a little loose but you can always pat them back together with your hands before they hit the pan. Working in batches and adding more oil in between batches if needed, cook patties until golden brown, about 3–4 minutes on each side (you don’t want to overcook).Toss herbs, watercress, sesame seeds, if using, scallion whites, remaining 1 tsp vinegar, and a pinch of salt in a medium bowl. Build burgers with buns, patties, reserved special sauce, herb mixture, and pickles. "\t"Easy Homemade Caesar Dressing Recipe Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes about 1 cup3 oil-packed anchovy fillets, chopped1 large garlic clove, chopped¾ teaspoon (or more) kosher salt1 large egg yolk2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice¾ teaspoon Dijon mustard¼ cup plus 2 tablespoons vegetable oil3 tablespoons Parmesan, finely grated|  Preparation Mound anchovies, garlic, and salt on a cutting board. Using the side of a chef’s knife, mash and chop until well combined, then continue to work mixture, holding knife blade at an angle, until a smooth paste forms. (Alternately, you can use a mortar and pestle or mini chopper to do this step.)Whisk egg yolk, lemon juice, and mustard in a medium bowl. Place a kitchen towel in a medium saucepan, then place bowl in pan. (This holds the bowl in place while you whisk with one hand and pour oil with the other.)Adding drop by drop to start and whisking constantly, drizzle a few drops of oil into yolk mixture. Continue, going slowly, until mixture looks slightly thickened and glossy. Continue to whisk, gradually adding oil in a slow, steady stream until all oil has been used and mixture looks like mayonnaise. Add a dash of water and whisk, adjusting with more water if needed, until dressing is the consistency of heavy cream. Add anchovy mixture and Parmesan and whisk until smooth. Taste and adjust seasoning with salt, if needed. "\t"Carrot-Ginger Dressing Recipe Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes about 1 cup2 medium carrots, peeled, thinly sliced1 1-inch piece ginger, peeled, thinly sliced½ large garlic clove1 tablespoon seasoned rice vinegar1 tablespoon white miso2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice2 teaspoons soy sauce2 teaspoons toasted sesame oil½ teaspoon kosher salt1 tablespoon mayonnaise|  Preparation Purée carrots, ginger, garlic, vinegar, miso, lemon juice, soy sauce, sesame oil, salt, and ½ cup water in a blender on high speed until solids are very finely chopped, about 30 seconds (mixture will look grainy and watery, but that’s okay). Add mayonnaise and blend on low speed until smooth and creamy.Do Ahead: Dressing can be made 3 days ahead. Cover and chill. "\t"Vinegar-Braised Chicken Legs Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 servings4 chicken legs (thigh and drumstick, about 3 pounds total)Kosher salt1 tablespoon olive oil8 dried shiitake mushrooms4 medium shallots, peeled, halved lengthwise2 3-inch cinnamon sticks1 2-inch piece ginger, peeled, thinly sliced1 red chile, sliced8 garlic cloves, crushed2 star anise pods1 cup low-sodium chicken broth1 cup red wine vinegar⅓ cup golden raisins2 tablespoons soy sauce1 tablespoon light brown sugarSliced chives (for serving)|  Preparation Season chicken with salt. Heat oil in a large Dutch oven or wide pot over medium-high. Cook chicken, skin side down, until skin is golden brown and very crisp, 10–12 minutes. Transfer chicken skin side up to a plate.Add mushrooms, shallots, cinnamon, ginger, chile, garlic, and star anise to pot. Cook, stirring occasionally, until shallots and garlic are lightly browned, about 4 minutes. Add broth, vinegar, raisins, soy sauce, and brown sugar and stir to dissolve sugar. Nestle chicken legs skin side up back into pot. Bring to a simmer and cook, lowering heat as needed to maintain a gentle simmer, until chicken is very tender (knee joints should flex easily), 60–75 minutes.Heat broiler. Transfer chicken to a foil-lined rimmed baking sheet. Increase heat to medium-high and reduce braising liquid until thick enough to lightly coat a spoon, about 5 minutes. Season with salt, if needed.Broil chicken legs just until skin is crisp again, 30–60 seconds. Transfer chicken to a serving platter and spoon braising liquid around it, topping with shallots and aromatic spices. Serve topped with chives. "\t"Shrimp Salad with Yogurt Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 servings1 pound rock shrimp or small shell-on shrimpKosher salt¼ cup whole-milk Greek yogurt2 tablespoons mayonnaise2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice2 tablespoons chopped dill, plus more for servingFreshly ground black pepper1 tablespoon finely chopped chivesOlive oil (for drizzling)|  Preparation Cook shrimp in a medium pot of simmering salted water until they curl and are cooked through, about 45 seconds (or 3 minutes if using small shrimp). Transfer to an ice bath to cool, then drain and pat dry. If using small shrimp, peel and devein.Mix yogurt, mayonnaise, lemon juice, and 2 Tbsp dill in a large bowl. Add shrimp, season with salt and pepper, and toss to coat. Top with more dill and chives. Season with pepper, then drizzle with oil. "\t"Pupusas Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes about 12¼ cup plus ⅓ cup vegetable oil, divided½ medium white onion, halved, broken up into individual layers (petals)1 15-ounce can Central American red beans or red kidney beansKosher salt3 cups instant corn masa flour (such as Maseca Instant Corn Masa Mix)4 ounces grated queso Oaxaca or salted mozzarella (preferably Polly-o; about 1 cup)Salvadoran Cabbage Relish (Curtido) and Salvadoran Salsa Roja (for serving)|  Preparation Heat ¼ cup oil in a large skillet over medium-high. Cook onion, tossing occasionally, until pieces are charred on all sides, 10–12 minutes (oil will smoke and onion will pop, so be careful). Don’t stop cooking at “browned,” they need to go further.Transfer onion to a blender, reserving oil in pan. Add beans and their liquid to blender and purée, gradually adding ¼ cup warm water if mixture is too thick and blender is struggling, until smooth.Heat onion oil over medium. Transfer bean mixture to skillet and cook, stirring and scraping bottom of pan occasionally, until mixture is the consistency of thick Greek yogurt, 5–10 minutes; season with salt. Let cool (refried beans will thicken as they sit, and that’s exactly what you want); set aside.Using a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat masa flour, 3 tsp salt, and 2⅔ cups hot water on medium speed until dough is very thick and sticky (alternatively, mix in a large bowl about 1 minute). Let rest, uncovered, 15 minutes.Meanwhile, mix cheese and bean mixture in a medium bowl.Combine remaining ⅓ cup oil and 1 cup warm water in a medium bowl. Dip both hands in this mixture and rub your hands together to coat. This will prevent dough from sticking to your hands, and will hydrate dough as you assemble.Divide dough into 12 balls (about ¼ cup each), keeping them covered with a damp towel so they don’t dry out. With 1 ball in the palm of your hand, use your thumb of the opposite hand to create an indentation in the center. Pinch sides to create a well for the filling (it should look like half of a coconut shell). Fill hole with 2 Tbsp bean mixture. Pinch dough around filling to enclose (it’s okay if some is poking out), then gently flatten to a 4½–5" disk, dipping your hands in oil-water as needed. Repeat with remaining dough and bean mixture (you may have some filling left over).Cook pupusa in a large cast-iron skillet or griddle over medium heat until center slightly puffs up and pupusa is browned in spots, 3–4 minutes per side. If filling leaks out, simply scrape off pan after pupusa has cooked.Serve with cabbage relish and salsa roja alongside. "\t"Easy One-Bowl Upside-Down Cake Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 10 servings½ cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, melted, divided2 10-ounce bags frozen sweet cherries or blueberries (no need to thaw)2 tablespoons plus 1 cup sugar; plus more for serving2 teaspoons finely grated lemon, lime, or orange zest, plus 2 tablespoons fresh juice2 cups all-purpose flour2 teaspoons baking powder½ teaspoon kosher salt¼ teaspoon baking soda3 large eggs, room temperature, beaten to blend2 cups sour cream or whole plain yogurt, room temperature, dividedSpecial EquipmentA 9-inch round cake pan with 2-inch sides or an 8x8-inch square baking pan|  Preparation Arrange a rack in center of oven; preheat to 425°. Brush 1 Tbsp butter all around bottom and sides of cake pan (if you don’t have a pastry brush, use your fingertips). Line bottom of pan with parchment paper, smoothing to eliminate air bubbles between parchment and pan.Toss cherries, 2 Tbsp sugar, 2 Tbsp lemon juice, and 2 Tbsp melted butter in cake pan (fruit will clump up when it hits the melted butter, which is fine). Bake, gently shaking pan once halfway through, until fruit juices are thick and bubbling around sides of pan, 40–50 minutes. Let cool. Reduce oven temperature to 350°.Whisk flour, baking powder, salt, baking soda, and 1 cup sugar in a large bowl. Make a well in the center and pour in eggs, 1 cup sour cream, 2 tsp zest, and remaining 5 Tbsp melted butter (it’s okay if butter has re-solidified; go ahead and scrape it in there). Starting in the center, whisk to blend egg mixture, then make larger circles outward to incorporate dry ingredients. Whisk several more times until batter is smooth.Carefully dollop large spoonfuls of batter over fruit (it’s okay if pan is still warm and some fruit juices pool around batter); gently smooth surface. Bake cake until top is golden brown and a tester inserted into the center comes out clean, 45–55 minutes. Let cool in pan 10 minutes, then use a paring knife to loosen cake from edge of pan. Place a wire rack over pan, then swiftly invert rack and pan; cake should release from pan on its own. Lift cake pan off cake, peel off parchment, and marvel at your creation. If some of the cherries cling to the parchment, tuck them back into place. Let cake cool completely.Whisk remaining 1 cup sour cream with a tablespoon or two of sugar and dollop on each slice before serving. "\t"Roasted Strawberry and Tahini Buttermilk Shake Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 2 servings1 pound strawberries, hulled, halved3 tablespoons raw sugarKosher salt1 frozen banana½ cup buttermilk3 tablespoons tahiniCrushed toasted sesame seeds (for serving; optional)|  Preparation Preheat oven to 400°. Toss strawberries with sugar and a pinch of salt on a parchment-lined rimmed baking sheet. Let sit, tossing occasionally, until sugar dissolves, about 5 minutes. Roast, tossing halfway through, until strawberries are soft and release their juices, 20–25 minutes. Let cool.Transfer three-quarters of strawberries to a blender. Add banana, buttermilk, tahini, and 1 cup ice; blend until smooth. Using a metal spoon, smash remaining strawberries to a jammy consistency.Divide smoothies and strawberries among glasses and top with sesame seeds, if using. "\t"Better-than-Takeout Stir-Fried Udon Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 servings2 tablespoons vegetable oil, divided4 cups very coarsely chopped green cabbage (from about ¼ medium head)2 7-ounce packages instant udon noodles, flavor packets discarded2 teaspoons toasted sesame oil8 ounces ground pork5 scallions, white and pale-green parts coarsely chopped, dark-green parts thinly sliced2 teaspoons finely grated fresh ginger (from a 1-inch knob)1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes⅓ cup mirin⅓ cup soy sauce1 tablespoon toasted sesame seeds, plus more for serving|  Preparation Heat 1 Tbsp vegetable oil in a large skillet over medium-high. Add cabbage and cook, tossing often, until edges are browned, about 4 minutes. Reduce heat to low and continue to cook, tossing often, until thickest parts of cabbage leaves are tender, about 4 minutes longer. Remove from heat and set skillet aside.Place udon in a large heatproof bowl (or pot if you don’t have one) and cover with 6 cups boiling water. Let sit 1 minute, stirring to break up noodles, then drain in a colander. Transfer noodles back to bowl and toss with sesame oil. Transfer cabbage to bowl with noodles. Wipe out skillet.Heat remaining 1 Tbsp vegetable oil in same skillet over medium-high and add pork, breaking up and spreading across surface of pan with a spatula or tongs. Cook pork, undisturbed, until underside is brown, about 3 minutes. The pork will never brown if you’re fussing with it the whole time, so when we say “undisturbed,” that means keep your paws off it and let the heat of the pan and the pork do their thing. When pork is browned, break up meat into small bits. Cook, tossing, just until there’s no more pink, about 1 minute. Add chopped scallions (the pale parts), ginger, and red pepper. Continue to cook, tossing often, until scallions are softened and bottom of skillet has started to brown, about 1 minute. Add udon mixture, mirin, and soy sauce and cook, tossing constantly, until noodles are coated in sauce (be sure to scrape bottom of skillet to dissolve any browned bits), about 45 seconds. Remove from heat and fold in 1 Tbsp sesame seeds and dark-green parts of scallions. Top with more sesame seeds before serving. "\t"Tropical Energy Bars Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes 126 ounces dried no-sugar-added pineapple (about 2 cups), coarsely chopped2 cups macadamia nuts1 cup unsweetened coconut flakes⅓ cup melted virgin coconut oil1 tablespoon chia seeds1¼ teaspoons kosher salt|  Preparation Pulse pineapple in a food processor (it can be very tough, even for a food processor, so pre-chopping gives it a needed head-start; you may also find you need to use long pulses) until finely chopped. Add nuts and pulse until coarsely chopped. Add coconut flakes, oil, chia seeds, and salt. Pulse until a coarse purée forms.Transfer pineapple mixture to a plastic wrap-lined rimmed baking sheet. Top with another piece of plastic wrap and roll or press to a 9x6" rectangle. Chill until firm, about 1 hour.Cut into 12 bars. Wrap each bar in a sheet of parchment-lined foil to take on the go, or roll into balls. Either way, be aware that they soften quickly at room temperature because of the coconut oil.Do Ahead: Bars can be made 3 months ahead. Transfer to an airtight container and chill, or wrap and freeze up to 6 months. "\t"Slow-Roasted Lapsang Salmon with Spring Vegetables Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 servings3 tablespoons (about 6 tea bags) plus ½ teaspoon lapsang tea1¼ pounds center-cut skinless, boneless salmon filletKosher salt6 tablespoons olive oil, divided2 cups sugar snap peas (about 8 ounces), trimmed, thinly sliced on a bias1 ½-inch piece ginger, peeled, finely grated1 garlic clove, finely grated2 tablespoons Champagne or white wine vinegarFreshly ground black pepper1 cup pea shoots (tendrils) or trimmed watercress½ cup mint leaves, torn1 small watermelon radish, thinly sliced on a mandoline|  Preparation Combine 3 Tbsp tea and 1¼ cups boiling water in a small bowl. Let steep 3 minutes; strain through a fine-mesh sieve into another small bowl, discarding solids. Combine tea and salmon in a large resealable plastic bag. Chill at least 2 hours or preferably overnight.Preheat oven to 300°. Remove salmon from marinade and pat dry. Transfer salmon to a parchment-lined rimmed baking sheet; season with salt. Pour 3 Tbsp oil over salmon and sprinkle with remaining ½ tsp tea. Roast until salmon is just cooked through (the tip of a knife will slide through easily and flesh will be slightly opaque), 20–30 minutes for medium-rare.Meanwhile, bring a small pot of heavily salted water a boil. Add sugar snap peas and cook until bright green and crisp-tender, about 2 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer to an ice bath; drain and pat dry.Mix ginger, garlic, and vinegar in a large bowl. Season with salt and a generous amount of pepper; let sit 5 minutes before whisking in remaining 3 Tbsp oil. Add snap peas, pea shoots, mint, and radish; toss until coated. Taste and adjust seasoning.Transfer salmon to a platter, breaking into large pieces, then scatter salad over. "\t"Grilled Broccoli with Avocado and Sesame Recipe Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 servingsPickled Jalapeños½ cup white balsamic vinegar or unseasoned rice vinegar¼ cup dry white wine or water3 tablespoons sugar1 tablespoon kosher salt3 jalapeños, halved lengthwise, seededBroccoli and Dressing1 avocado, halved1 small garlic clove, finely chopped¼ cup tahini1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest7 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, divided⅓ cup cilantro leaves with tender stems, plus more for serving8 tablespoons olive oil, dividedKosher salt, freshly ground pepper1 pound broccoli (about 2 medium heads), stems peeled, heads halved lengthwise1 medium red onion, sliced into ½-inch rings1 tablespoon toasted sesame seeds|  Preparation Pickled JalapeñosBring vinegar, wine, sugar, and salt to a simmer over medium-high heat in a small saucepan. Place jalapeños in a small bowl or jar and pour brine over. Let sit until cool, or at least 1 hour.Do Ahead: Pickled jalapeños can be made 1 week ahead. Cover and chill.Broccoli and DressingPrepare a grill for medium, direct heat. Purée one avocado half, garlic, tahini, lemon zest, 5 Tbsp lemon juice, ⅓ cup cilantro, 4 Tbsp oil, and 2 Tbsp water in a blender, adding a splash of water if needed, until smooth. Season with salt and pepper.Toss broccoli and onion with 2 Tbsp oil; season with salt and pepper. Grill, turning occasionally, until broccoli crowns are dark brown in places and stems are crisp-tender, 5–7 minutes. Let cool slightly.Coarsely chop broccoli and onion. Toss in a medium bowl with remaining 2 Tbsp lemon juice and 2 Tbsp oil; season with salt and pepper.Spread tahini dressing on a serving platter and top with broccoli mixture. Drain some of the pickled jalapeños (you will have extra). Top broccoli mixture with remaining chopped half of avocado, sesame seeds, drained jalapeños, and more cilantro. "\t"Sheet Pan Toasts with Spring Vegetables and Mashed Peas Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 servings½ pound small carrots, scrubbed, cut into 1½-inch pieces on a diagonal5 ounces mushrooms, such as baby trumpets, morels, or shiitakes, halved, sliced if large (about 2½ cups)6 red radishes, halved, quartered if large¼ cup olive oil, divided, plus more for drizzlingKosher salt1 10-ounce package frozen peas1 garlic clove, finely chopped½ teaspoon finely grated lemon zest1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, plus more for serving1 ounce coarsely grated Parmesan (about ¼ cup), plus more shaved for servingFreshly ground black pepper4 ½-inch-thick slices sourdough bread, such as miche1 pound asparagus, trimmed, cut into ½-inch-thick pieces4 scallions, cut into 1-inch pieces2 tablespoons thinly sliced mint leaves|  Preparation Preheat oven to 425°. Toss carrots, mushrooms, radishes, and 2 Tbsp oil on a large rimmed baking sheet; season with salt. Roast, tossing occasionally, until lightly browned and halfway tender, 15–20 minutes.Meanwhile, mix peas and garlic in a medium bowl. Pour boiling or very hot water over and let stand until peas are thawed, about 5 minutes. Drain well and return to bowl. Add lemon zest, 1 Tbsp lemon juice, 1 oz. Parmesan, and 2 Tbsp oil. Mash well, preferably with a potato masher, until mixture is broken down and creamy; season with salt and pepper.Drizzle bread with oil; season lightly with salt. Toss asparagus and scallions with vegetables on baking sheet and arrange bread around the edges. Continue to roast until all vegetables are crisp-tender and browned and bread is lightly toasted, 7–9 minutes longer.Divide mashed pea mixture among bread slices and cut each in half. Mound roasted vegetables on top of peas. Drizzle with oil, then top with mint, more lemon juice, and shaved Parmesan. "\t"Gluten-Free Pizza Crust Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes two 12" crusts2 teaspoons sugar1 teaspoon instant or active dry yeast2¼ cups gluten-free baking flour, preferably King Arthur Measure for Measure (about 10 ounces)⅓ cup almond meal3 tablespoons ground flaxseeds1 tablespoon Diamond Crystal or 1¾ teaspoons Morton kosher salt1½ teaspoons baking powder¼ cup olive oil, plus more for pans1 tablespoon plus 1½ teaspoons apple cider vinegarPizza sauce, cheese, and herbs (for serving)|  Preparation Combine sugar and 1⅓ cups warm (not hot, ideally about 100°) water in a small bowl. Sprinkle yeast over and let stand until yeast is beginning to foam and smells bready (if it doesn’t foam after 10 minutes, get new yeast).Meanwhile, whisk flour, almond meal, flaxseeds, salt, and baking powder in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment. Beat in yeast mixture, followed by ¼ cup oil, then vinegar. Continue to beat on medium speed until dough is smooth and sticky (it will have the consistency of cake batter), 2–3 minutes. Cover bowl with plastic wrap and let rise in a warm place until dough is puffed slightly (it will not rise as dramatically as conventional dough would), and poking a finger into dough reveals it has formed bubbles throughout, 1–1½ hours.Preheat oven to 325°. Lightly coat 2 large heatproof nonstick skillets with oil (sticking can be an issue with this dough, so nonstick baking sheets, or rimmed baking sheets lined with a silpat, are good alternatives). Divide dough between skillets (if you only have 1 skillet, chill remaining dough until ready to use). Using a large offset spatula or rubber spatula lightly coated with oil, spread dough to about ¼" thick. (Cook’s Illustrated also suggests spraying plastic wrap with nonstick spray and pressing onto surface of dough to press flat, which also works well; the point is feel free to get creative.) Cover with plastic wrap and let dough rest until just slightly puffed again, 20–30 minutes.Bake, rotating skillets halfway through, until very lightly browned across the top and top of dough springs back, 30–40 minutes.Carefully arrange a rack in top third of oven; increase temperature to 425°. Top crusts as desired with sauce, cheese, and herbs. Bake pizzas until cheese is melted and bubbling and crust is golden brown and crunchy underneath, 10–12 minutes.Do Ahead: Parbaked crusts can be made 1 month ahead; let cool, then wrap in plastic and freeze. Let crusts come to room temperature. Lightly coat skillets again with oil, top crusts as desired, then bake in a 425° oven 10–12 minutes. "\t"Homemade Fig Newtons Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes about 25Dough¾ cup all-purpose flour¾ cup whole wheat flour1 teaspoon ground cardamom (optional)¾ teaspoon baking powder¾ teaspoon kosher salt10 tablespoons unsalted butter, room temperature¼ cup (packed) dark brown sugar3 large egg yolks3 tablespoons honey1 teaspoon vanilla extract½ teaspoon finely grated orange zestFilling and Assembly2 pints black figs, trimmed, quartered¾ cup fresh orange juice6 tablespoons honey¼ teaspoon kosher salt1 large eggAll-purpose flour (for dusting)|  Preparation DoughWhisk all-purpose and whole wheat flours, cardamom (if using), baking powder, and salt in a medium bowl. Using an electric mixer on medium-high speed, beat butter and brown sugar in a large bowl until light and fluffy, 3–4 minutes. Add yolks and beat until mixture is fluffy, about 2 minutes. Add honey, vanilla, and orange zest and beat until incorporated, about 1 minute. Reduce mixer speed to low and slowly add dry ingredients, beating just to blend (dough will be very soft). Divide dough into thirds and wrap each piece tightly in plastic, flattening into a ½" disk. Chill at least 3 hours.Do Ahead: Dough can be made 3 days ahead. Keep chilled.Filling and AssemblyCook figs, orange juice, honey, and salt in a large saucepan over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until figs are very soft and no liquid remains, 25–30 minutes. Using a potato masher or large spoon, smash figs into small pieces and continue to cook, stirring frequently, until mixture is very thick and paste-like, 5–7 minutes. Scrape jam onto a plate and spread into an even layer; chill, uncovered, until cold, about 1 hour.Beat egg and 1 Tbsp water in a small bowl. Scrape cold jam into a large zip-top bag or disposable pastry bag and cut a ¾" opening at 1 corner (or the tip if using a pastry bag).This dough will sense your fear, so you have to show it who’s boss. It goes from cold and stiff to room temperature, soft, and hard to manage very quickly. If it gets too soft, put it back in the fridge and chill about 10 minutes. If you think you’ve messed up, gather it into a disk, chill, and roll it out again.Roll out 1 disk of dough on a piece of generously floured parchment or waxed paper to a 10"x4½" rectangle about ⅛" thick. Trim edges to make even. With one of the shorter sides facing you, pipe a 1"-thick line of filling slightly off-center lengthwise down dough. Brush long edge of dough closest to filling with egg wash. Using the parchment to help you, fold opposite side of dough up and over jam, aligning all the edges. Very lightly press to seal, then trim sealed edge to square off. Chill 10 minutes.Place a rack in center of oven; preheat to 325°. Using a bench scraper or knife, cut filled dough crosswise into 1" lengths. Transfer to a rimmed baking sheet and brush with egg wash. Chill while you roll out and fill remaining dough. (If you have any dough scraps and filling left over, repeat process to make a few more cookies.) Place all bars on the same sheet, spacing about ½" apart; they will not spread as they bake. Freeze 10 minutes.Bake bars, rotating sheet halfway through, until golden brown and slightly cracked on top, 14–16 minutes. Let bars cool on sheet 5 minutes, then transfer to a wire rack and let cool completely.Do Ahead: Fig Newtons can be made 1 day ahead. Store in an airtight container at room temperature. "\t"Kombu Chicken Soup with Carrots and Mushrooms Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 servings10 ounces mature spinach (about 1 bunch), trimmed3 6x4-inch pieces dried kombu6 cups homemade or store-bought low-sodium chicken stock1 cup bonito flakes2 tablespoons mirin2 tablespoons soy sauceKosher salt2 boneless, skinless chicken breasts, halved lengthwise, thinly sliced crosswise1 medium carrot, peeled, cut into 2-inch matchsticks4 ounces shiitake mushrooms, stemmed, thinly slicedToasted sesame seeds (for serving)|  Preparation Heat ¼ cup water in a large skillet over medium. Once you see steam, add spinach to water and cook, tossing often, until spinach begins to wilt, about 2 minutes (work in batches if necessary). Transfer to a colander and let cool. Squeeze spinach to remove excess water, then coarsely chop; set aside.Bring kombu and stock to a simmer in a large saucepan over low heat. Remove from heat and let sit 10 minutes. Return to a simmer and add bonito flakes. Remove from heat and let sit 2 minutes. Strain kombu mixture through a fine-mesh sieve into a large bowl.Wipe out saucepan and return broth to saucepan. Add mirin and soy sauce; season with salt. Bring to a simmer over medium heat, then add chicken, carrots, and mushrooms. Cook until chicken is cooked through and mushrooms and carrots are just tender, 4–6 minutes.Divide spinach among bowls and ladle in soup. Sprinkle sesame seeds over.Do Ahead: Broth (without vegetables) can be made 2 days ahead. Let cool; cover and chill. "\t"Salvadoran Salsa Roja Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes about 1½ cups5 medium ripe tomatoes, quartered½ medium white onion, coarsely chopped2 serrano chiles, coarsely chopped1 garlic clove5 teaspoons chicken bouillon powder (optional)2 tablespoons olive oil|  Preparation Purée tomatoes, onion, chiles, garlic, and bouillon powder, if using, in a blender until smooth.Heat oil in a large skillet over medium. Carefully pour tomato mixture into pan; it will spit and bubble, so stand back! Cook salsa, stirring occasionally, until thick and darker in color, 20–30 minutes. Let cool and serve at room temperature or chilled. "\t"Chicken Curry Pot Pie Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 8 servings4 tablespoons unsalted butter1 large onion, chopped1 green apple, peeled, chopped1 delicata squash, scrubbed, or 1 small butternut squash, peeled, cut into ¾-inch pieces3 medium carrots, peeled, cut into 1-inch pieces1 medium russet potato, peeled, cut into ½-inch pieces1 small daikon, peeled, cut into ¾-inch pieces6 garlic cloves, thinly sliced1 1-inch piece ginger, finely chopped2 tablespoons curry powder (preferably S&B)2 tablespoons all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting2 cups low-sodium chicken broth¼ cup soy sauce3 tablespoons cornstarchKosher salt1 ½ pounds skinless, boneless chicken thighs, cut into 1-inch pieces1 sheet frozen puff pastry (one 14-ounce package or half of a 17.3-ounce package) or pie dough1 large egg, beaten to blend|  Preparation Preheat oven to 425°. Heat butter in a large shallow braising pot or large skillet (around 12" in diameter) over medium. Cook onion and apple, stirring often, until very soft, 8–10 minutes. Add squash, carrots, potato, daikon, and garlic and cook, stirring occasionally, until vegetables are partly tender, 12–15 minutes. Add ginger and sprinkle with curry powder and 2 Tbsp flour; cook, stirring to coat, just until curry powder darkens, about 1 minute. Whisk broth, soy sauce, and cornstarch in a small bowl until smooth. Add broth mixture to pot and bring to a simmer, stirring often. Cook, still stirring frequently, until mixture is very thick. Taste and season with salt, if needed. Add chicken and stir to evenly distribute. The mixture will look so thick at this point that it will seem wrong. Trust us, the vegetables and chicken will release liquid as they cook under the pastry, creating a rich and just-thick-enough sauce as they do so.Roll out puff pastry on a lightly floured surface until large enough to cover pot with an overhang of about 1" on all sides. Drape pastry over pot and press firmly around edges to adhere. Lightly brush with egg and cut 2–3 small slits in the center so that steam can escape.Bake pot pie until crust is golden brown, about 18–22 minutes, then reduce oven temperature to 350° and continue to bake until filling is bubbling around the edges and crust is well browned, 40–45 minutes longer. Let sit 10 minutes before serving. "\t"Open-Faced Roasted Squash Sandwich Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 servings1 large delicata squash, halved, seeded, sliced ½ inch thick4 large shallots, cut into ½-inch pieces6 tablespoons olive oil, divided1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon chili powder, dividedKosher salt, freshly ground pepper1 15-ounce can black beans¼ head of red cabbage, thinly sliced8 slices whole wheat bread, toastedPickled peppers and their brine, sliced avocado, salsa, and cilantro leaves (for serving)|  Preparation Real Talk: If you can’t find delicata squash, which you can identify by its long oblong shape, pale yellow skin, and distinctive green stripes, that’s totally fine. Acorn or half of a butternut squash will work just great too. And here’s how to chop one up if you’ve never done it before.Preheat oven to 450°. Toss squash, shallots, 3 Tbsp oil, and 2 tsp chili powder on a rimmed baking sheet and roast until squash is browned and tender, 15–20 minutes.Meanwhile, combine beans and their liquid with remaining 3 Tbsp oil and 2 tsp chili powder in a medium skillet; bring to a boil over medium-high heat. Smash beans with a potato smasher, meat pounder, large spoon, or whatever you’ve got handy until mixture is all nicely smashed and smooth. Continue to cook until mixture is creamy, about 5 minutes.Spread bean mixture onto toast. Toss cabbage with 2 Tbsp pickled pepper brine in a medium bowl. Pile on cabbage, avocado, salsa, and cilantro over bean mixture. Top with squash mixture and pickled peppers.Do Ahead: Squash can be roasted 1 day ahead; cover and chill. Bean mixture can be made 1 day ahead; cover and chill. "\t"Shepherd's Pie Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 8 servingsFilling3 tablespoons olive oil, divided6 ounces slab bacon, cut into ½-inch pieces2 pounds ground lamb or beefKosher salt2 medium onions, finely chopped1 small fennel bulb, finely chopped1 large carrot, finely chopped2 celery stalks, finely chopped2 tablespoons tomato paste1 tablespoon all-purpose flour1 cup dry red wine2 cups low-sodium chicken broth1 tablespoon finely chopped rosemary1 tablespoon thyme leavesAssembly3 pounds Yukon Gold potatoesKosher salt1 cup half-and-half or whole milk½ cup (1 stick) unsalted butter2 large egg yolks½ cup sour creamFreshly ground black pepperSpecial EquipmentA potato ricer or food mill|  Preparation FillingHeat 1 Tbsp oil in a large skillet over medium. Cook bacon, stirring often, until browned and crisp, 8–10 minutes. Transfer bacon to a plate with a slotted spoon.Increase heat to medium-high and cook half of ground lamb in same skillet undisturbed until well browned underneath, about 4 minutes. Break up lamb using 2 spoons or spatulas, then continue to cook, tossing occasionally and breaking into small pieces, until nearly cooked through but with some pink still remaining. Season with salt and transfer to plate with bacon. Repeat with another 1 Tbsp oil and remaining lamb. Resist the temptation to cook all of the lamb in one batch; it will steam instead of searing, and you’ll miss out on the flavor that comes from browning.Heat remaining 1 Tbsp oil in same skillet and add onions, fennel, carrot, and celery. Season with salt and cook, stirring occasionally, until vegetables are lightly browned and very soft, 12–15 minutes. Add tomato paste and flour and cook, stirring constantly, until paste darkens, about 1 minute. Add wine, bring to a simmer, and cook until reduced by half (it should no longer smell boozy), about 5 minutes. Add broth, rosemary, and thyme; return meat to skillet and simmer, stirring occasionally, until liquid is almost completely evaporated and any remaining sauce is the consistency of gravy, 15–20 minutes. Transfer filling to a 3-qt. baking dish.Do Ahead: Filling can be made 4 days ahead. Let cool; cover and chill.AssemblyPlace potatoes in a large saucepan and add water to cover by at least 2”; season generously with salt. Bring to a boil, reduce heat, and simmer until a paring knife easily slides through potatoes, 25–35 minutes. Let cool slightly.Bring half-and-half and butter to a simmer over medium heat.Halve potatoes, skin and all (skins won’t go through ricer or mill, but you can peel if you really want to), and pass through ricer or food mill set over a large bowl. If you don’t have a ricer or food mill, use a potato masher and aim to get the potatoes as smooth as possible. Mix in warm half-and-half mixture. Whisk egg yolks and sour cream in a small bowl, then mix into potatoes; season with salt and pepper.Carefully top filling with half of mashed potatoes; smooth out over filling so that no meat is peeking up through potatoes. Repeat with remaining potatoes, swirling decoratively.Bake shepherd’s pie until filling is bubbling around edges and top is golden brown, 45–50 minutes.Do Ahead: Pie can be assembled (but not baked) 3 days ahead. Cover and chill. "\t"Bittersweet Chocolate Soufflés Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes 41 tablespoon unsalted butter, plus more room temperature for ramekins¼ cup plus 3 tablespoons sugar, plus more for ramekins and sprinkling6 ounces bittersweet chocolate (70% cacao), coarsely chopped2 tablespoons brewed coffee3 large egg yolks2 teaspoons vanilla extract5 large egg whites, room temperature1 teaspoon kosher salt1 cup best-quality vanilla ice cream, melted (such as Häagen-Dazs Vanilla Bean)Special EquipmentFour 6–7-ounce ramekins|  Preparation Preheat oven to 425°. Brush bottoms, sides, and rims of ramekins with butter, using straight upward strokes all the way around. Dust with sugar and tap out excess (the upward strokes and dusting of sugar will give soufflé mixture something to cling to as it climbs above top edge of ramekin); set aside.Heat chocolate, coffee, and remaining 1 Tbsp butter in a large heatproof bowl set over a large saucepan of barely simmering water (do not let bowl touch water), stirring, until chocolate is melted and mixture is smooth. Let cool slightly.Whisk yolks and vanilla into chocolate mixture. It will look grainy; whisk in 2 tsp water and the mixture will become smooth and glossy again.Beat egg whites in the very clean bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment on medium speed until frothy, about 30 seconds (you can also use a handheld beater, or do this by hand with a balloon whisk). Add salt and continue to beat on medium-high until soft, creamy peaks form, about 2 minutes. Slowly sprinkle in ¼ cup plus 3 Tbsp sugar and continue to beat until firm, shiny, glossy peaks form (if they look dry or clumpy, you’ve gone too far; check out this video before you start).Using a large spatula, fold one-third of egg whites into chocolate mixture to lighten. Fold in remaining egg whites in two additions, using large, deliberate strokes all the way to bottom of mixture to incorporate whites without deflating, until barely any streaks remain. Spoon into prepared ramekins, filling them completely and mounding batter over rim. Using a large offset spatula, bench scraper, or back of a chef’s knife, scrape edge across tops of ramekins to level, which will encourage a nice flat top on finished soufflé (discard excess batter, or scrape into another dish and bake separately). Tap ramekins lightly on counter to help settle batter. Sprinkle with more sugar, then gently run your thumb inside rim of ramekin just around lip to create a small circular indentation (this helps soufflés rise with straight sides; be careful not to rub off butter coating underneath).Place ramekins on a rimmed baking sheet and transfer immediately to oven. Reduce temperature to 400° and bake soufflés until they have risen and wobble slightly when jostled, 12–15 minutes. Immediately spoon into centers and pour some melted ice cream inside. "\t"Grape Salsa with Tarragon Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 8 servings1 small shallot, finely chopped2 tablespoons Champagne vinegar¼ teaspoon kosher salt, plus more2 cups purple grapes, sliced into rounds1 serrano chile, seeds removed if desired, finely chopped1 tablespoon finely chopped tarragonFreshly ground black pepper|  Preparation Mix shallot, vinegar, and ¼ tsp salt in a small bowl. Let sit 10 minutes (soaking the shallot takes out the bite, giving you a more mellow, less raw flavor). Drain, reserving soaking liquid; rinse shallot under cold water.Toss shallot, soaking liquid, grapes, chile, tarragon, and 1 tsp water to combine in another small bowl; season with salt and pepper. Taste and add a little more vinegar or water to adjust acidity if needed. "\t"Double-Almond Chocolate Brownie Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes 16½ cup almonds4 ounces unsweetened chocolate, coarsely chopped¾ cup (1½ sticks) unsalted butter⅓ cup unsweetened cocoa powder1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon espresso powder2 teaspoons vanilla extractNonstick vegetable oil spray5 ounces almond paste4 large eggs, room temperature¾ teaspoon kosher salt1½ cups sugar1 cup all-purpose flour¾ cup bittersweet chocolate wafers or chips|  Preparation Preheat oven to 350°. Toast almonds on a rimmed baking sheet, tossing halfway through, until golden brown, 8–10 minutes. Let cool, then coarsely chop; set aside.Meanwhile, heat chocolate, butter, and cocoa powder in a medium heatproof bowl set over a medium saucepan of barely simmering water, stirring occasionally, until melted and smooth. Remove from heat and stir in espresso powder and vanilla. Let cool.Increase oven temperature to 375°. Lightly coat an 8x8" baking dish with nonstick spray, then line with parchment paper, leaving a 2" overhang on 2 sides. Coat parchment with nonstick spray.Roll out almond paste between 2 sheets of parchment to an 8x8" square (it will be very thin; it’s okay if there are some holes and/or jagged edges).Using an electric mixer on medium-high speed, beat eggs and salt in a large bowl until foamy, about 5 minutes. Gradually add sugar and continue to beat until very thick and foamy, 5–8 minutes more. Reduce mixer speed to low, add cooled chocolate mixture, and beat to combine. Fold in flour until no streaks remain.Spread half of batter in prepared pan; smooth top. Lay sheet of almond paste over batter. Spread remaining batter over almond paste; smooth surface. For fudgy brownies, bake until edges are slightly puffed but center is still slightly wobbly, 22–25 minutes. For cakey brownies, bake until edges are puffed but center is set, 25–30 minutes. Immediately top with chocolate wafers and let melt, then spread with an offset spatula to cover top of brownie. Top with reserved almonds and let cool.Using parchment overhang, lift brownie out of pan and transfer to a cutting board. Cut into 16 squares.Do Ahead: Brownie can be made 3 days ahead. Wrap tightly in plastic and chill. "\t"Corn Chilaquiles Recipe | Bon Appetit|12 ounces tomatillos8 scallions, spiky end trimmed, divided2 ears of corn, husks and silk removed½ rotisserie chicken1 lime3 tablespoons olive oil, divided1 12-ounce jar pickled jalapeños½ bunch cilantro, dividedKosher salt⅓ cup sour cream1 9-ounce bag corn tortilla chips1 ripe avocado|  Take 10 minutes and prep all of your ingredients. Remove and discard husks from tomatillos and rinse off any sticky residue (don’t worry, it’s normal). Cut larger ones in half and set aside on cutting board. Cut 6 of the 8 scallions into 1" pieces. Thinly slice remaining 2 scallions and set aside on your board. Pull skin and bones off chicken and discard. Shred meat with your fingers and set aside on your cutting board. Cut lime into wedges and set aside.Heat 1 Tbsp oil in a large skillet over medium until shimmering. Add whole corn cobs, 1" pieces of scallions, and tomatillos (cut side up).Cook, rotating corn and tomatillos and tossing scallions occasionally, until vegetables are lightly charred all over. This will happen at different times. The scallions and tomatillos will cook fastest, 3–4 minutes. As they’re done, transfer them to a large bowl.The corn will take longest, 8–12 minutes total, so keep rotating cobs. When corn is lightly charred all over, transfer to cutting board and let cool; keep skillet close by because you’re going to use it again in a few minutes.Pick a small handful of cilantro leaves and tender stems and set aside. Transfer tomatillos and charred scallions to a blender and add 6 rings of pickled jalapeños (or more if you like it spicy), remaining cilantro, and 2 Tbsp water. Starting on low speed and eventually increasing to high, blend until mixture is completely smooth. With the motor running, stream in remaining 2 Tbsp oil to emulsify. Season salsa with salt; set aside.DID YOU MAKE A DOUBLE BATCH OF SALSA? GOOD. HERE’S HOW TO USE IT.Take a few minutes to cut kernels off of the now-cool-enough-to-handle corn cobs. Do this directly on cutting board.Place sour cream in a small bowl and squeeze in juice from 1 or 2 lime wedges, then stir to combine; set aside.Heat reserved skillet over medium-low and pour in salsa directly from blender, scraping in every last bit with a rubber spatula. Cook, stirring often with spatula, until salsa is bubbling around the edges, about 2 minutes.Fold in half of reserved chicken and half of corn kernels.Still working over medium-low heat, fold in all but a handful of the tortilla chips, turning mixture with spatula and breaking up chips into smaller pieces until coated. Make sure to scrape around sides of skillet to incorporate any remaining sauce. If you’re using a thicker tortilla chip, there should be just enough sauce to coat all the chips in a thin layer. If you’re using thinner chips, there’s a chance the mixture will be a little dry, so we recommend adding in batches and holding back some chips if there doesn’t seem to be enough sauce.Remove skillet from heat and tuck remaining chips into top.Now add all the garnishes: Top chilaquiles with remaining chicken and corn, then scatter sliced scallions over. Dot top with more pickled jalapeños. Cut avocado in half, remove pit, and scoop flesh out of skins with a spoon. Cut into slices and arrange over top of skillet. Dollop with sour cream mixture and top with remaining cilantro sprigs. Serve with lime wedges alongside. "\t"Overnight Oats with Soft-Cooked Egg and Miso-Braised Kale Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 servings4 large eggs, room temperature1 tablespoon olive oil1 bunch Tuscan kale, tough stems removed, leaves coarsely chopped1 tablespoon mirin1 tablespoon soy sauce1 tablespoon white misoOvernight Oats1 cup plain whole-milk Greek yogurtKosher salt2 scallions, thinly slicedFurikake seasoning and chili oil (for serving)|  Preparation Cook eggs in a medium saucepan of boiling water for 6 minutes. Immediately transfer to a bowl of ice water and let sit until cool, about 5 minutes. Carefully peel eggs under running water (yolks will be partially set); set aside.Heat oil in a medium saucepan over medium. Add kale and cook, tossing, until wilted, about 2 minutes. Add mirin, soy sauce, miso, and ¼ cup water and stir until miso is dissolved. Bring to a simmer over low heat, partially cover, and cook until kale is tender, 5–10 minutes.Divide oats and yogurt among bowls, spooning yogurt into centers. Spoon kale mixture along with juices over yogurt, then place an egg on top. Season eggs with salt, then top with scallions and furikake. Drizzle with chili oil.Do Ahead: Eggs can be boiled 3 days ahead (do not peel); cover and chill. Braised kale can be made 4 days ahead; cover and chill. "\t"Onion Fritters with Herbs and Feta Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes about 1014 medium scallions, ends trimmed, cut into ¼-inch slices⅓ cup all-purpose flour½ teaspoon baking powder1 cup chopped dill1 cup chopped parsley½ cup crumbled Greek feta2 large eggs, room temperature, beaten to blend2 tablespoons plus ½ cup olive oil, dividedKosher salt, freshly ground pepperTzatziki sauce (for serving)|  Preparation Rinse and drain scallions. Transfer to a large bowl, then cover with 4 cups hot water. Let sit 15 minutes to soften and mellow in flavor. Drain again and pat dry with paper towels. Wipe bowl dry and return scallions to bowl.Whisk flour and baking powder in a small bowl. Toss dill, parsley, and feta with scallions until combined. Add dry ingredients and toss to coat. Stir in eggs and 2 Tbsp oil until a very loose batter forms; season generously with salt and pepper.Heat remaining ½ cup oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium. Working in batches, spoon scoops of scallion mixture into skillet (about 1 oz. per fritter), flattening gently with a spatula. Cook until golden brown and fritter holds its shape, 5–7 minutes per side. Transfer to a wire rack; season with salt. Serve tzatziki sauce alongside warm fritters. "\t"Cornmeal Jalapeño Biscuits with Mushroom Gravy Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 8 servingsMushroom Gravy5 tablespoons olive oil1 pound crimini mushrooms, quarteredKosher salt8 ounces maitake or shiitake mushrooms, cut into bite-size pieces2 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into pieces2 large shallots, chopped6 garlic cloves, thinly sliced2 large sprigs thyme4 teaspoons all-purpose flour1 large onion, thinly sliced2 large bunches Tuscan kale, ribs and stems removed, thinly sliced2 bunches collard greens, ribs and stems removed, thinly sliced1 ¾ cups heavy creamFreshly ground black pepperBiscuits and Assembly1 ¼ cups all-purpose flour1 cup fine-grind cornmeal2 teaspoons baking powder1 teaspoon kosher salt1 teaspoon sugar½ teaspoon baking soda½ cup (1 stick) chilled unsalted butter, cut into pieces1 cup buttermilk4 scallions, chopped1 jalapeño, seeds removed if desired, finely chopped4 ounces sharp cheddar, coarsely grated (about 1 ½ cups)|  Preparation Mushroom GravyHeat 2 Tbsp oil in a large skillet over medium-high. Cook crimini mushrooms, tossing occasionally, until browned and tender, about 5 minutes; season with salt. Transfer to a large plate.Add another 1 Tbsp oil to same skillet and cook maitake mushrooms, tossing occasionally, until nicely browned, about 5 minutes. Add butter, shallots, garlic, and thyme. Season with salt and cook, reducing heat if needed to avoid scorching and tossing often, until shallots are softened. Sprinkle in flour and toss to coat mushrooms. Transfer to plate with crimini mushrooms. Clean skillet.Combine remaining 2 Tbsp oil and onion in clean skillet and set over medium heat. Cook, tossing occasionally, until softened, about 4 minutes. Add kale and collard greens a handful at a time, seasoning with pinches of salt as you go and stirring until wilted before adding more. Cook, stirring occasionally, until all greens are tender, 8–10 minutes. Remove from heat and stir in mushrooms, cream, and 2 Tbsp water; pluck out thyme sprigs. Season gravy generously with salt and pepper. Transfer to a 3-qt. baking dish.Do Ahead: Gravy can be made 1 day ahead. Let cool; cover and chill.Biscuits and AssemblyPreheat oven to 375°. Whisk flour, cornmeal, baking powder, salt, sugar, and baking soda in a medium bowl. Add butter and work into dry ingredients with your fingers until only pea-size pieces remain. Stir in buttermilk with a few swift strokes of a spoon then add scallions, jalapeño, and cheese. Mix gently until no dry spots remain.
Divide dough into 8 rough portions (don’t roll into balls) and evenly space on top of mushroom gravy. Bake, rotating once, until biscuits are golden brown and gravy is bubbling around the edges of the pan, 30–35 minutes. Let sit a few minutes before serving. "\t"Mango-Yogurt Pudding with Lucuma and Chia Seeds Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes 23 small very ripe Ataulfo mangoes or 1 Tommy Atkins mango⅓ cup plain whole-milk Greek yogurt2 tablespoons lucuma powder¼ cup fresh lime juice, dividedKosher salt2 teaspoons agave syrup (nectar)1 teaspoon chia seeds½ teaspoon nigella seeds|  Preparation Peel mangoes and remove flesh from pits. Cut mangoes into ½" pieces; set aside ½ cup. Purée remaining mango, yogurt, lucuma powder, 2 Tbsp lime juice, and a pinch of salt in a food processor or blender, scraping down sides and adding a splash of water if needed to loosen, until mixture is smooth. Divide between 2 glasses. Chill pudding 1 hour to firm up, if needed.Toss reserved ½ cup mango with agave syrup, chia seeds, nigella seeds, a tiny pinch of salt, and remaining 2 Tbsp lime juice in a small bowl. Top pudding with mango mixture.Do Ahead: Pudding can be made 3 days ahead; cover and chill. "\t"Posole Verde with Chicken Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 6–8 servings¼ cup olive oil1 large yellow onion, chopped6 garlic cloves, sliced2 teaspoons ground coriander1 teaspoon ground cumin½ teaspoon dried oregano (preferably Mexican), plus more for serving1 whole organic chicken (about 4 pounds)1½ pounds tomatillos, husked, rinsed4 poblano chiles3 serrano chiles2 Cubanelle peppers (or 2 more poblanos)2 15-ounce cans golden or white hominy, rinsedKosher salt, freshly ground pepper2 cups cilantro leaves with tender stems, plus more for serving½ small red onion, very finely choppedLime slices (for serving)|  Preparation Heat oil in a large heavy pot or Dutch oven over medium. Cook yellow onion and garlic, stirring occasionally, until very tender, 12–15 minutes. Add coriander, cumin, and ½ tsp oregano and cook, stirring constantly, until very fragrant, about 1 minute.Add chicken and 12 cups water. Bring to a simmer and cook, uncovered and reducing heat as needed to maintain a very gentle simmer, until chicken is cooked through (if it isn’t completely submerged, you can turn it once or twice) and legs wiggle easily in their joints, 40–50 minutes. At this point, you can let chicken and broth cool, then chill overnight.Meanwhile, preheat oven to 425◦. Spread tomatillos, poblano chiles, serrano chiles, and peppers on a large rimmed baking sheet. Roast, tossing once or twice, until tomatillos are tender and peppers are browned and collapsing, 30–40 minutes. Let cool.Transfer chicken to a cutting board, reserving broth, and let cool until easy to handle. Remove meat from bones and shred into bite-size pieces. Discard bones.Split open chiles and peppers and discard stems and seeds. Discard any skin that can be easily peeled off; otherwise, just leave it on. Reserve baking sheet. Purée tomatillos, chiles, and peppers in a blender until smooth. Stir purée into broth and bring to a simmer.Spread hominy in an even layer on reserved baking sheet and roast, tossing once, until lightly toasted, very fragrant, and just beginning to brown around edges of baking sheet, 12–18 minutes. Scrape into pot with broth.Simmer broth, uncovered and seasoning with salt and pepper as needed, until flavors meld and broth is rich tasting, about 20 minutes. Ladle ½ cup broth into blender. Add 2 cups cilantro and purée until smooth and very bright green, at least 1 minute. Stir chicken into broth and heat through, followed by cilantro purée. Season with salt, if needed.Divide posole among bowls. Top with red onion and cilantro and serve with lime wedges alongside.Do Ahead: Chicken can be cooked 3 days ahead; cool in broth, cover, and chill. "\t"Shrimp Tostadas with Herbed Mojo de Ajo Slaw Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes 6Shrimp2 guajillo or New Mexico chiles, cut into thin strips1 garlic clove, grated1 tablespoon fresh lime juice1 tablespoon fresh orange juice1 tablespoon olive oil1 teaspoon kosher salt¼ teaspoon freshly ground pepper1 pound large shrimp, peeled, deveinedMojo de Ajo and Assembly6 corn tortillas½ cup olive oil, divided6 garlic cloves1 habanero chile, stemmed, seeded, quartered¼ cup plus 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice¼ cup plus 2 tablespoons fresh orange juice1 teaspoon sugar¼ teaspoon ground coriander¼ teaspoon ground cuminKosher salt, freshly ground pepper¼ small head of cabbage, thinly sliced½ cup mint leaves½ cup parsley leaves with tender stems2 tablespoons chopped oregano leaves¼ cup finely chopped chives, plus more|  Preparation ShrimpWhisk chiles, garlic, lime juice, orange juice, oil, salt, and pepper in a medium bowl. Add shrimp, toss to coat, and chill, uncovered, at least 30 minutes and up to 1 hour.Mojo de Ajo and AssemblyWhile shrimp is marinating, preheat oven to 450°. Brush tortillas with 1 Tbsp oil on both sides and arrange on a rimmed baking sheet. Bake until golden brown in spots and crisp, about 10 minutes. Let cool.Meanwhile, heat remaining 7 Tbsp oil in a small saucepan over low and cook garlic, stirring occasionally, until soft and golden in spots, 10–15 minutes. Let cool slightly. Transfer garlic and oil to a blender and add chile, lime juice, orange juice, sugar, coriander, and cumin. Blend until smooth. Season liberally with salt and pepper.Heat a large skillet over high and cook shrimp until lightly browned and just cooked through, about 1 minute per side. Transfer to a medium bowl.Toss cabbage and ⅓ cup mojo in a medium bowl; season with salt and pepper. Toss in mint, parsley, oregano, and ¼ cup chives just before assembling.Place a small mound of slaw on tortilla and top with shrimp. Drizzle more mojo over shrimp, then top with chives. "\t"No-Nut Granola Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes about 2 quarts3 cups old-fashioned oats and/or kamut flakes2 cups mixed seeds, such as pumpkin seeds (pepitas), sunflower seeds, sesame seeds, flaxseeds, and/or hemp seeds½ cup cacao nibs½ cup coconut flakes½ cup olive oil½ cup pure maple syrup1 teaspoon (or more) kosher salt1½ cups mixed dried fruits, such as golden berries, mulberries, figs, dates, raisins, dried sour cherries, apricots, and/or dried mangoes|  Preparation Preheat oven to 350°. Line a rimmed baking sheet with parchment paper or foil.Toss oats, seeds, cacao nibs, and coconut flakes in a large bowl. Add oil and syrup and stir until nicely coated. Season with 1 tsp salt. Scrape onto prepared sheet, reserving bowl, and bake, stirring and rotating sheet from front to back every 10–15 minutes, until golden brown, 25–35 minutes.Meanwhile, cut dried fruit into small pieces (a pair of kitchen shears is great for sticky ingredients like dates and apricots). Transfer to same large bowl.Let granola cool 5 minutes, then carefully transfer to bowl with dried fruit, reserving baking sheet. Toss well to combine, then transfer back to sheet and let cool completely (granola will crisp as it cools). Taste and season with more salt, if desired.Do Ahead: Granola can be made 2 weeks ahead; store airtight at room temperature, or freeze up to 3 months. "\t"Ham and Cheese Toasties in a Bread Basket Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 servings1 white Pullman loaf, unsliced3 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted3 tablespoons Dijon mustard4 ounces thinly sliced Paris ham or prosciutto cotto1½ ounces Gruyère, thinly sliced|  Preparation Real Talk: As long as your loaf is sturdy enough, you could make your perpendicular cuts at the bottom all the way to the other end, instead of stopping at the midway point. We suggest stopping midway to prevent any leakage and to keep the crust as sturdy as possible, but do what you’re most comfortable with. Slice with confidence—all that bread will come out in the end!Heat broiler. Okay, now you’re going to cut out the interior of the bread and remove it as one big rectangle of carby goodness without messing up the outside crust. It helps to check the step-by-step photos for this, but trust us, it’s easier than you think!Using a bread knife, cut horizontally along top of loaf just below where it starts to dome (if your loaf has a flat top, cut across to remove any crust); set top aside and position bread so cut side is facing up (in other words, you’re looking down at the surface of the exposed inner loaf). Working around perimeter of loaf, cut down parallel to sides and about ¼" from edge; try not to cut all the way through or your toasties will fall through the bottom (sad!).Once you’ve gone all the way around, switch to a knife with a pointed tip (either a slicer or a chef’s knife). Insert blade perpendicularly into longer side of loaf about ¼" in from side and ¼" from bottom, but do not push through to crust on opposite side. Slice through bread, cutting parallel to work surface, until you get to the middle of the loaf, then stop. Rotate bread 180° and repeat on opposite side, only cutting to midpoint again. You should be able to lift out the rectangle of bread at this point (if not, retrace all cuts until bread comes loose).Cut rectangle of bread filling into ¼"-thick slices. Brush 1 side of slices with melted butter. Transfer buttered side up to a rimmed baking sheet. Broil slices until golden brown and toasted, about 2 minutes; let cool.Preheat oven to 400°. Smear untoasted side of half (not all!) of bread slices with mustard, then top with ham and cheese, dividing evenly. Close with remaining bread, toasted side up. Cut each sandwich in half on a diagonal, then tuck sandwiches back into hollowed-out loaf, lining them upright and packing in tightly (you may have an extra sandwich that doesn’t fit, so go ahead and eat it). The tops of the sandwiches should be flush with the top of the loaf...amazing, right? Place dome back on top of bread and wrap loosely in foil (poke the top of foil with your knife for steam to escape). Place loaf directly on oven rack and bake until cheese is melted, 25–30 minutes. Remove foil and let loaf stand uncovered for a few minutes to cool, then serve.Do Ahead: Sandwiches can be assembled, placed in bread loaf, and wrapped in foil 1 hour ahead. Bake just before serving. "\t"Brown Butter and Toffee Chocolate Chip Cookies Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes about 201 cup (2 sticks) unsalted butter2 cups all-purpose flour1 teaspoon baking soda¾ teaspoon kosher salt1 cup (packed) dark brown sugar⅓ cup granulated sugar2 large eggs, room temperature2 teaspoons vanilla extract2 chocolate toffee bars, chopped into ¼-inch pieces (preferably Skor)1½ cups chocolate wafers (discs, pistoles, fèves; preferably 72% cacao)Flaky sea salt|  Preparation Cook butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat, stirring often, until butter foams, then browns, 5–8 minutes. Transfer brown butter to a large bowl; let cool slightly.Whisk flour, baking soda, and kosher salt in a medium bowl.Add brown sugar and granulated sugar to cooled butter. Using an electric mixer on medium speed, beat butter mixture, scraping down sides of bowl, until incorporated, about 1 minute. Add eggs and vanilla and continue to beat until mixture lightens and begins to thicken, about 30 seconds. Reduce mixer speed to low; add dry ingredients and beat, scraping down sides and bottom of bowl, until just combined. Add candy and chocolate wafers and mix to combine with a spoon or spatula. Let sit at room temperature at least 30 minutes to hydrate flour; dough will look very loose but will thicken as it sits.Arrange a rack in center of oven; preheat to 375°. Line a rimmed baking sheet with parchment paper. Using a 1½-oz. ice cream scoop, portion dough and transfer to prepared sheet, spacing about 3½" apart (alternatively, form dough into ping pong ball-sized pieces with your hands). Do not flatten; cookies will spread as they bake. Sprinkle with sea salt.Bake cookies until edges are golden brown and firm but centers are soft, 9–11 minutes. Let cool on sheets 10 minutes, then transfer to a wire rack and let cool completely.Do Ahead: Cookie dough can be made 3 days ahead; cover and chill. Let dough come to room temperature before baking. "\t"Puppy Chow Party Mix Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes about 5 quarts1 12-ounce box Rice Chex cereal (about 10 cups)7 ounces bittersweet chocolate (70% cacao), chopped (about 1¼ cups)¾ cup creamy peanut butter¼ cup (½ stick) unsalted butter1½ teaspoons kosher salt1 teaspoon vanilla extract2½ cups powdered sugar, divided2 cups peanut or plain M&M’s2 cups roasted, salted peanuts2 cups thin pretzel sticks|  Preparation Place cereal in a large bowl. Heat chocolate, peanut butter, butter, and salt in a medium heatproof bowl set over a saucepan of barely simmering water (do not let bowl touch water), stirring, until chocolate is melted and mixture is smooth. Remove from heat and stir in vanilla. Pour chocolate mixture over cereal and toss with 2 spoons or spatulas until coated. Let cool slightly, about 10 minutes.Transfer cereal mixture to a large clean bowl (so powdered sugar doesn’t absorb into chocolate coating from original bowl). Sift ½ cup powdered sugar through a fine-mesh sieve onto cereal, coating entire surface. Toss to coat. Repeat 2 more times.Transfer cereal mixture to 2 parchment-lined sheet trays, spreading evenly. Sift ½ cup powdered sugar over both trays (do not mix). Chill 2 hours or let sit at room temperature overnight (break into individual pieces, but leave some clumps, if sitting out overnight).Transfer cereal mixture and powdered sugar from sheet trays to a large clean bowl and toss to coat. Sift remaining ½ cup powdered sugar over and toss to coat again. Add M&M’s, peanuts, and pretzels; toss to combine.Do Ahead: Puppy chow can be made 2 days ahead. Store in an airtight container at room-temperature. "\t"Simple Khichari Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 servings¼ cup red split lentils¼ cup yellow split mung dal¼ cup basmati rice¼ cup white quinoa2 tablespoons ghee or melted virgin coconut oil½ teaspoon ground turmeric6 fresh curry leaves or 2 dried cassia leaves (optional)1 1-inch piece ginger, peeled, very finely chopped (about 1 tablespoon)1 small green Thai chile, finely chopped2 cups chopped cauliflower florets and/or peeled daikon1 teaspoon ground fennel seeds1 teaspoon (or more) Himalayan rock salt (or kosher salt)Cilantro, basil, lime slices, black pepper, and olive oil (for serving)|  Preparation Cover lentils and mung dal with water in a small bowl and let soak 30 minutes. Drain. Meanwhile, rinse rice and quinoa and drain well.Heat ghee in a large pot over medium-low. Add turmeric and toast just until slightly darkened, about 10 seconds. Add curry leaves, if using, ginger, and chile and cook until very fragrant, about 1 minute. Add drained lentils, mung dal, rice, and quinoa and cook, stirring, until nearly dry, 1–2 minutes. Add cauliflower, fennel seeds, 1 tsp salt, and 4 cups water. Increase heat to medium-high and bring to a boil. Reduce heat and skim off any foam that formed on the surface, then simmer covered until grains and vegetables are very tender, 30–40 minutes; the khichari should be thick, very soft, and just loose enough not to stick to bottom of the pot (add water as needed to loosen). Season with more salt, if needed.Divide among bowls. Top with cilantro, basil, black pepper, and limes. Drizzle with oil. "\t"Stovetop Mac and Cheese Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 6 servings1 cup whole milk½ cup heavy cream½ teaspoon mustard powder¼ teaspoon cayenne pepper1 tablespoon cornstarch8 ounces cream cheese, room temperature, cut into pieces8 ounces medium cheddar cheese, shredded (about 2½ cups)8 ounces muenster cheese, shredded (about 2 cups)3 ounces Fontina cheese, shredded (about 1 cup; optional)1 pound elbow macaroniKosher salt|  Preparation Simmer milk, cream, mustard powder, and cayenne in a medium pot over medium heat, stirring and being careful not to let mixture boil, until heated through and well combined, 6–8 minutes. Mix cornstarch and 2 Tbsp water in a small bowl to make a slurry, then whisk into milk mixture. Bring to a boil and cook, whisking constantly, until mixture thickens, 1–2 minutes. Add cream cheese and cook, whisking occasionally, until mixture is smooth and thick, 2–3 minutes.Reduce heat to medium-low and gradually stir in cheddar, muenster, and Fontina, if using. Cook, stirring occasionally and reducing heat if mixture starts to boil, until cheeses are almost melted (it’s okay if you see a few shreds of unmelted cheese), 4–6 minutes.Meanwhile, cook pasta in a large pot of boiling salted water, stirring occasionally, until al dente. Drain and stir into cheese mixture. Gently stir until sauce is smooth and creamy and pasta is evenly coated; taste and season with salt, if needed. Remove from heat; mac and cheese will thicken as it sits. Serve hot. "\t"Gochujang-Ranch Crispy Chicken Bowl Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 6 servings¾ cup mayonnaise½ cup buttermilk2 tablespoons gochujang (Korean hot pepper paste)2 tablespoons seasoned rice vinegar2 teaspoons finely grated peeled ginger1½ teaspoons onion powder1 teaspoon toasted sesame oil2 garlic cloves, finely grated2¼ teaspoons kosher salt, divided, plus more¼ small head of red cabbage, thinly slicedFreshly ground black pepper½ cup (1 stick) unsalted butter2 cups panko (Japanese breadcrumbs)¼ cup raw sesame seeds6 skinless, boneless chicken thighs (about 1½ pounds total)1 large egg, beaten to blend1 tablespoon honeyCooked rice, sliced scallions, quartered avocado, Sambal Cashews, and lime wedges (for serving)Ingredient Info:Gochujang, a mixture of miso and hot chiles, can be found at Korean markets and online.|  Preparation Place a rack in middle of oven; preheat to 450°. Whisk mayonnaise, buttermilk, gochujang, vinegar, ginger, onion powder, oil, garlic, and ½ tsp salt in a medium measuring glass. Taste and season dressing with more salt, if needed. Transfer ½ cup dressing to a medium bowl. Add cabbage and toss to coat; season slaw with salt and pepper. Set aside until ready to serve.Heat butter in a large skillet over medium-high heat. As soon as butter begins to foam, add panko, sesame seeds, and ¼ tsp salt and toss to coat. Cook, tossing often, until golden brown, 5–7 minutes. Let cool in pan 10 minutes.Meanwhile, place a wire rack inside a rimmed baking sheet. Set chicken on rack and pat dry with paper towels. Whisk egg, honey, ¼ cup dressing, and 1½ tsp salt in a medium bowl.Toss chicken in egg mixture to coat. Lift chicken from bowl, letting excess drip back into bowl. Coat in panko mixture, pressing to adhere, then return to rack, spacing evenly apart.Bake chicken until cooked through, juices run clear when thighs are pierced with a knife, and panko mixture is slightly darkened in color, 15–20 minutes. Let chicken cool 10 minutes, then slice ½" thick.Divide chicken, slaw, and rice among bowls. Top with scallions, avocado, and cashews. Drizzle with remaining dressing. Serve with lime wedges for squeezing over.Do Ahead: Dressing can be made 8 hours ahead. Cover and chill. "\t"Rough Puff Pastry Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes one 20x10" sheet about ⅜" thick (30 oz. dough)1½ cups (3 sticks) unsalted butter, frozen1 tablespoon sugar1½ teaspoons kosher salt2 tablespoons plus 2½ cups all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting⅓ cup whole milk|  Preparation Push butter 1 stick at a time through feeding tube of a food processor fitted with the medium shredding disc to grate (you need to use a bit of force and work quickly, but the food processor can handle it; it’s okay if the ends of each stick don’t make it through). You can also grate frozen butter on the large holes of a box grater; grip butter with a paper towel and work quickly, then freeze again 10 minutes. Transfer grated butter to a medium bowl and toss gently with 2 Tbsp flour until coated. Transfer to freezer to keep cold.Whisk sugar, salt, and 2½ cups flour in a medium bowl. Add half of frozen butter mixture and toss to coat (return bowl with remaining butter to freezer).Stir milk and ⅓ cup ice water in a measuring cup and drizzle over flour mixture, mixing with a fork until shaggy pieces form. Knead in bowl a couple of times with your hands to form a shaggy dough. Transfer all of the large clumps of dough to a work surface, leaving smaller pieces behind. Drizzle 1 Tbsp ice water over remaining flour mixture in bowl and knead again to bring together. Add to dough on work surface. Knead dough a couple more times to form a single mass (it’s okay to work dough a bit more than you would for pie dough); the flour should look mostly hydrated with only a couple of dry spots remaining. Press into a 1"-thick square and wrap tightly in plastic. Chill 20–30 minutes.Roll dough on a lightly floured surface to a 18x6" rectangle, dusting underneath with more flour to prevent sticking. Place dough on work surface so short side is facing you. Now imagine that it’s divided into three 6x6" squares stacked in a column.Sprinkle one-quarter (about 1½ oz.) of remaining butter mixture in a single layer inside center square. Fold lower square over butter, lining up outside edges. Sprinkle about one-third (1½ oz. again) of remaining butter over newly folded dough. Fold upper square down and over butter to form a neat 6x6" packet (think of folding a letter; the center does not move).Press dough firmly together on all sides to seal. Rotate dough package 90° counterclockwise so top flap opening is on your right. Roll out dough, dusting with flour as needed, to a 18x6" rectangle again. Repeat folding process, incorporating all remaining butter. Press firmly to seal, wrap in plastic, and chill 20 minutes and up to overnight.Roll out dough on a lightly floured surface to 18x6" rectangle again. Fold in thirds as before (but without incorporating any butter). Rotate 90° counterclockwise as before and roll out to a rectangle again. Repeat folding process one more time. Wrap in plastic and chill at least 20 minutes. Dough is now ready to be rolled out and used.Do Ahead: Rough puff pastry can be made 2 days ahead; keep chilled, or freeze up to 1 month. Thaw overnight in refrigerator before using."\t"Garlic Knots Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes about 241 pound prepared pizza dough, room temperatureAll-purpose flour (for dusting)Garlic powder (for dusting)2 tablespoons olive oil, plus more for brushing¼ cup (½ stick) unsalted butter5 garlic cloves, finely chopped2 tablespoons finely chopped parsleyKosher salt|  Preparation Divide dough into 4 pieces, cover with plastic wrap, and let rise 1–1½ hours. Line 2 rimmed baking sheets with parchment paper.Working with 1 piece at a time and keeping remaining pieces covered, roll dough on a lightly floured surface to a 6x4" rectangle. Cut dough into six 4x1" strips. Sprinkle dough all over with garlic powder, then flour. Roll 1 length of dough on work surface with your hands to round out edges (it will look like a worm). Tie into a single knot; the ends should just pass through the center without more than a 1" overhang (this allows the dough to rise in a nice compact shape, and keeping the ends short prevents it from looking like a bow). Transfer to prepared sheet. Repeat with remaining dough. Brush knots with oil, lightly cover with plastic, and let rise in a warm spot until puffed, 1–1½ hours.Preheat oven to 400°. Bake knots until golden brown, 13–15 minutes.Meanwhile, melt butter in a small saucepan over medium heat. Add garlic and cook, stirring, until just softened, about 2 minutes. Remove from heat and stir in parsley and remaining 2 Tbsp oil; generously season with salt. Transfer butter mixture to a large bowl, add warm knots, and gently toss until coated. "\t"Quinoa-Banana Muffins Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes 12¾ cup white quinoa1 teaspoon kosher salt, plus moreNonstick vegetable oil spray1¼ cups whole wheat flour1 teaspoon baking powder1 teaspoon ground cinnamon2 very ripe bananas¼ cup honey¼ cup (packed) dark brown sugar1 large egg½ cup olive oil1 teaspoon vanilla extract1 cup blueberriesRaw sugar (for sprinkling)|  Preparation Cook quinoa in a large pot of boiling salted water, stirring occasionally, until tender, 10–12 minutes. Drain well and return to pot. Cover and let steam 10 minutes. Pour off any condensed water, then let cool. Set aside ¼ cup cooked quinoa for topping muffins.Preheat oven to 375°. Coat a standard 12-cup muffin pan with nonstick spray (do not use muffin liners). Whisk flour, baking powder, cinnamon, and remaining 1 tsp salt in a medium bowl.Mash bananas, honey, and brown sugar in another medium bowl, preferably with a potato masher, until sugar is dissolved and banana is completely mashed. Add egg and continue to mash until combined. Stir in oil and vanilla.Stir banana mixture into dry ingredients just until combined. Stir in blueberries and 2 cups quinoa. Divide batter among muffin cups. Sprinkle lightly with raw sugar and reserved ¼ cup quinoa.Bake muffins until tops are firm, just beginning to brown, and a tester inserted into muffins comes out clean, 30–40 minutes. Let cool slightly before serving.Do Ahead: Quinoa can be cooked 5 days ahead; cover and chill. "\t"Ginger Cashew Chicken Curry Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 Servings1 cup salted, roasted cashews, divided5 tablespoons unsalted butter, divided5 teaspoons sambal oelek, dividedKosher salt1 pound boneless, skinless chicken thighs, cut into ½-inch pieces1 large onion, choppedFreshly ground black pepper2 tablespoons finely grated peeled ginger1 tablespoon all-purpose flour2 cups (or more) milk2 teaspoons white wine vinegarCooked rice (for serving)|  Preparation Real Talk: The spicy double-roasted cashews are incredibly addictive. Seriously, you should triple the recipe just for snacking purposes. And if you don’t feel like making rice, pick up a couple to-go containers from a neighborhood restaurant.Coarsely chop ½ cup cashews. Melt 1 Tbsp butter in a large pot over medium heat. Cook chopped cashews and 1 tsp sambal oelek, stirring occasionally, until nuts begin to toast (yes, you’re double-toasting them), 3–5 minutes. Scrape into a small bowl, season with salt, and set aside.Melt 2 Tbsp butter in same pot over medium-high heat. Cook half of chicken, stirring occasionally, until just beginning to brown, about 3 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer chicken to a small bowl. Repeat with remaining chicken and 2 Tbsp butter.Cook onion in same pot, stirring occasionally, until translucent and just tender, 5–8 minutes; season with salt and pepper. Add ginger and remaining 4 tsp sambal oelek and cook, stirring occasionally, until most of the liquid has evaporated, about 3 minutes. Return chicken and any accumulated juices to pot. Stir in flour to coat and cook until warmed through, about 1 minute. Add milk and remaining ½ cup cashews; gently simmer, adding milk to thin if needed, until sauce is the consistency of heavy cream and chicken is cooked through, about 10 minutes. Season with salt and pepper, then stir in vinegar. Serve with rice and top with reserved cashews.Do Ahead: Curry can be made 1 day ahead; cover and chill. "\t"French Onion Dip Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 servings2 tablespoons olive oil1 medium onion, finely chopped2 garlic cloves, finely grated2 sprigs thyme1 small shallot, finely chopped1 cup sour cream¼ cup finely chopped chives1 tablespoon fresh lemon juiceKosher salt, freshly ground pepperKettle-cooked potato chips (for serving)|  Preparation Heat oil in a small skillet over medium. Cook onion, garlic, and thyme, stirring occasionally, until onion is deep golden brown and very soft, 35–40 minutes. Discard thyme and let cool.Mix caramelized onions, shallot, sour cream, chives, and lemon juice in a medium bowl; season with salt and pepper. Let sit 30 minutes to let flavors meld. Serve with potato chips for dipping.Do Ahead: Dip can be made 1 day ahead; cover and chill. "\t"Spicy Grilled Cauliflower Steaks Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 servings½ cup olive oil, plus more for grill1 large head of cauliflower (about 2½ pounds)2 canned chipotle chiles in adobo, finely chopped, plus 3 tablespoons adobo sauce6 garlic cloves, finely grated6 tablespoons sherry vinegar or red wine vinegar3 tablespoons mild-flavored (light) molasses2 tablespoons Diamond Crystal or 1 tablespoon plus ½ teaspoon Morton kosher salt2 tablespoons paprika1 tablespoon dried oreganoLemon wedges (for serving)|  Preparation Prepare a grill for medium-low, indirect heat (for a charcoal grill, bank coals on one side of grill; for a gas grill, leave one or two burners off); clean and oil grates.Remove toughest outer leaves from cauliflower (leave on any tender inner leaves). Trim stem to create a flat base. Holding cauliflower upright on stem, slice into 4 equal slabs to create steaks.Stir chiles, adobo sauce, garlic, vinegar, molasses, salt, paprika, oregano, and remaining ½ cup oil in a medium bowl to combine.Liberally brush sauce on one side of each cauliflower steak and place steaks, sauce side down, on grill. Brush second side with sauce. Grill cauliflower until charred and beginning to soften, 7–8 minutes. Turn, brush cooked side with sauce, and continue to grill until second side is charred and beginning to soften, 7–8 minutes. Turn again, move over indirect heat, and brush with remaining sauce. Cover grill and continue to grill steaks until tender (a paring knife should slide into centers of steaks with little resistance), 15–20 minutes.Transfer cauliflower steaks to a platter. Serve with lemon wedges for squeezing over. "\t"Chicken and Rice Soup with Green Chiles and Ginger Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 servings2 teaspoons sugar1 1-inch piece ginger, peeled, cut into very thin matchsticks¾ pound boneless, skinless chicken thighs6 cups homemade chicken stock or low-sodium chicken broth3 small shallots, halved4 garlic cloves¾ cup jasmine rice, rinsed2 tablespoons fresh lime juice1 tablespoon (or more) fish sauceKosher salt3 Thai green chiles, thinly sliced crosswise2 scallions, thinly sliced crosswise3 tablespoons crushed skin-on, roasted, unsalted peanuts|  Preparation Combine sugar and ½ cup hot water in a small bowl, stirring to dissolve sugar. Add ginger and let cool; drain and set aside.Bring chicken, stock, shallots, and garlic to a boil in a large saucepan. Reduce heat and simmer until chicken is cooked through, 20–25 minutes. Transfer chicken and garlic to a cutting board and let cool; discard shallots. Smash garlic to a paste using the side of a chef’s knife; return to saucepan and stir to combine. Shred chicken; set aside.Bring stock mixture to a boil and add rice. Reduce heat and simmer, stirring occasionally, until rice is tender and has broken (soup should have slightly thickened), 30–40 minutes. Stir in lime juice, fish sauce, and reserved chicken; taste and adjust seasonings with more fish sauce and salt if needed.Divide soup among bowls; top with reserved ginger, chiles, scallions, and peanuts.Do Ahead: Soup can be made 3 days ahead; cover and chill. Reheat over medium-low, adding water or stock to thin as needed. "\t"Millet Polenta with Miso and Scallion Oil Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 servings¾ cup millet⅓ cup grapeseed or other neutral oil3 scallions, thinly sliced, plus more for serving2 tablespoons olive oil2 medium leeks, thinly sliced (white and light-green parts only)2 garlic cloves, thinly sliced4 cups vegetable broth1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon white misoFreshly ground black pepper|  Preparation Pulse millet in a blender or food processor until about half of grains are broken. Transfer millet to a small bowl; set aside. Rinse out blender.Heat grapeseed oil in a small saucepan over medium-high until hot. Add 3 sliced scallions and let sizzle just until green parts darken slightly, about 1 minute. Transfer to blender and let cool. Purée until very smooth.Heat olive oil in a large saucepan over medium. Add leeks and garlic and cook, stirring often, until very soft, 8–10 minutes. Add broth and miso and whisk to combine. Bring to a simmer and whisk in reserved millet; season with salt. Bring to a boil, then reduce heat and simmer, uncovered, stirring occasionally, and adding more water by ¼ cupfuls to loosen if needed, until mixture is thick and grains are tender, 40–45 minutes. Taste and season with salt if needed.Divide millet polenta among bowls. Top with scallion oil, more chopped scallions, and black pepper.Do Ahead: Scallion oil can be made 1 week ahead; cover and chill. "\t"Juicy Lucy Sliders Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes 168 slices melting cheese (such as American, Swiss, Muenster, cheddar, or pepper Jack), cut in half2 pounds ground beef chuck (20% fat)Kosher salt, freshly ground pepperVegetable oil (for pan)16 potato slider rolls, toastedKetchup, mayonnaise, shredded iceberg lettuce, sliced tomato, and dill pickle slices (for serving)|  Preparation Tear halved slices of cheese into even smaller pieces so that you have 16 roughly equal portions. Divide beef into 16 balls (about ¼ cup each). With 1 ball in the palm of your hand, use your pointer finger of the opposite hand to create a small indentation in the center. Fill hole with 1 portion of cheese. Pinch meat around cheese so that it’s in the middle, then gently flatten patty to about ¾" thick. Check to make sure that no cheese is peeking out (if you see any, fix it). Season both sides of patty with salt and pepper. Repeat with remaining beef and cheese.Heat a cast-iron griddle or large heavy skillet over medium until very hot, about 2 minutes. Lightly coat with oil. Working in batches (we recommend testing the first patty before cooking the whole batch because cooking time may vary depending on your stove and pan—cut it in half to see if cheese has melted), cook patties, undisturbed, until outer edges are brown, about 3 minutes. Turn and cook until browned and burger is medium-rare, 2–3 minutes.Serve sliders on rolls with ketchup, mayonnaise, lettuce, tomatoes, and pickles.Do Ahead: Patties can be formed 6 hours ahead; cover with plastic and chill. "\t"Overnight Oats with Banana, Maple Syrup, and Tahini Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 servings¼ cup tahini2 tablespoons (or more) pure maple syrup2 tablespoons nut milk½ teaspoon ground cinnamonPinch of kosher saltOvernight Oats1 cup plain whole-milk Greek yogurt2 medium bananas, thinly sliced2 teaspoons toasted sesame seeds|  Preparation Stir tahini, maple syrup, nut milk, cinnamon, and salt in a small bowl or small measuring cup until smooth. Divide oats and yogurt among bowls, spooning yogurt into centers. Divide banana among bowls and drizzle tahini mixture over. Top with sesame seeds. Drizzle with more maple syrup, if desired.Do Ahead: Tahini mixture can be made 4 days ahead; cover and chill. Rewarm gently before serving. "\t"Cream of Mushroom Soup Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 8 servings½ cup plus 2 tablespoons olive oil, divided2 pounds mixed mushrooms, such as crimini, shiitake, maitake, and/or oyster, trimmed, torn into bite-sized piecesKosher salt, freshly ground pepper4 medium shallots, chopped1 large leek, light-green and white parts only, halved, thinly sliced¼ cup (½ stick) unsalted butter4 garlic cloves, grated, divided⅓ cup dry white wine½ cup all-purpose flour5 cups low-sodium chicken stock1½ cups heavy cream1½ cups whole milk1 bay leaf5 sprigs thyme, divided5 ounces crusty bread, crust removed, cut into 1-inch pieces (about 2 cups)|  Preparation Heat 3 Tbsp oil in a large heavy pot over medium-high. Cook half of mushrooms, undisturbed, until browned underneath, 3–4 minutes. Toss and continue to cook, tossing occasionally, until browned on both sides and tender, 4–5 minutes more. Season with salt and pepper and transfer to a medium bowl. Repeat with 3 Tbsp oil, remaining mushrooms, and salt and pepper. Set aside 1 cup mushrooms; transfer remaining mushrooms to bowl.Heat same pot over medium. Cook shallots, leek, butter, and half of garlic, stirring occasionally, until vegetables are softened but not browned, 4–6 minutes. Add wine and cook, stirring, until liquid is evaporated, 2–3 minutes. Stir in flour and cook until vegetables are coated, about 1 minute. Whisk in stock, cream, and milk and bring to a boil. Add bay leaf, 3 thyme sprigs, and mushrooms (not including the 1 cup) and any accumulated juices. Simmer, uncovered, until soup thickens to a heavy cream consistency, 25–35 minutes. Remove thyme and bay leaf, season with salt and pepper, and add reserved 1 cup mushrooms. Return to a simmer.Meanwhile, pulse bread in a food processor until coarse crumbs form; season with salt and pepper. Heat remaining ¼ cup oil in a large skillet over medium. Cook remaining 2 garlic cloves and 2 thyme sprigs, stirring occasionally, until garlic begins to brown, about 2 minutes. Add breadcrumbs and cook, stirring often, until golden brown and crisp, 7–10 minutes. Transfer breadcrumb mixture to paper towels. Remove thyme; season with salt.Divide soup among bowls, then top with toasted breadcrumbs and a few twists of pepper. "\t"Steamed Mackerel with Green Chile Dashi Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 servings4 4-ounce boneless, skinless mackerel filletsKosher salt2 dried shiitake mushrooms1 4x4-inch piece kombu1 ½-inch piece ginger, finely grated1 garlic clove, finely grated3 tablespoons mirin2 tablespoons soy sauce¼ teaspoon mild red pepper flakes½ cup very thinly sliced peeled daikon½ cup spinach (or kale, cilantro, or parsley), trimmed½ jalapeño, seeded, choppedCilantro leaves (for serving)|  Preparation Season fish generously with salt (but don’t go crazy). Let sit 20 minutes to absorb seasoning.Meanwhile, mix mushrooms, kombu, ginger, garlic, mirin, soy sauce, red pepper, and 2 cups water in a medium saucepan fitted with a steamer insert or bamboo steamer. Bring to a simmer over medium heat, discard kombu, and continue to simmer, adjusting heat as needed, until flavors meld, about 5 minutes.Rinse fish and pat dry. Scatter daikon across bottom of steamer insert and lay fish over. Steam fish, maintaining an active simmer in liquid (err on the side of less heat if you aren’t sure), until fish is just opaque at the center and a tester inserted into the thickest part of the fillets meets no resistance, 6–8 minutes.Transfer fish to a plate. Discard mushrooms, then carefully pour steaming liquid into a blender. Add spinach and jalapeño. Remove cap from hole in lid, cover opening with a kitchen towel, and start blender on lowest speed to prevent hot liquid from splashing out the top like a geyser. Gradually increase speed and blend until smooth.Divide fish, daikon, and broth among bowls. Top with cilantro. "\t"Rosy Gin-Kombucha Cocktail Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes 12 ounces gin1 ounce Campari½ ounce fresh lemon juice½ teaspoon finely grated fresh ginger5 ounces original kombucha, chilledLemon wedges (for serving)|  Preparation Stir gin, Campari, lemon juice, and ginger in a pint glass or measuring cup. Stir in kombucha. Strain through a fine-mesh sieve into an ice-filled Collins glass. Garnish with lemon wedges. "\t"Egg White Chalupa Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes 2Stewed Black Beans¼ cup (½ stick) unsalted butter1 yellow or red bell pepper (or half of each), seeded, finely chopped1 small red onion, finely chopped1 jalapeño, seeded, finely chopped2 garlic cloves, sliced2 15.5-ounce cans black beans, rinsed, drained2 cups low-sodium chicken broth or water2 tablespoons finely chopped cilantroKosher salt, freshly ground pepperAssemblyVegetable oil (for frying; about ½ cup)2 corn tortillas2 tablespoons unsalted butter, divided6 large egg whitesKosher salt¼ cup sour cream1 cup shredded iceberg lettuceHot sauce (for drizzling)1½ ounces shredded ricotta salata (about ⅓ cup)½ avocado, sliced¼ cup cilantro leaves with tender stems|  Preparation Stewed Black BeansHeat butter in a large pot over medium. Add bell pepper, onion, jalapeño, and garlic and cook, stirring occasionally, until vegetables are very soft, 10–12 minutes. Add beans and chicken broth. Bring to a simmer and cook, stirring occasionally, until liquid is reduced by half and thickened, 20–25 minutes. Stir in cilantro; season with salt and pepper. Keep warm.AssemblyPour oil into a small skillet to come ¼" up the sides. Heat over medium-high until very hot. Working one at a time, fry tortillas until lightly browned and very crisp, about 1 minute per side. Transfer to paper towels to drain.Melt 1 Tbsp butter in a small nonstick skillet over medium heat. When butter begins to foam, add 3 egg whites and a pinch of salt and cook, stirring constantly with a rubber spatula and forming a compact bundle, until whites are set but still moist, about 1 minute. Transfer to a plate. Repeat with remaining 1 Tbsp butter and 3 egg whites.Divide sour cream between tortillas. Top with ½ cup bean mixture, followed by lettuce, egg whites, a drizzle of hot sauce, cheese, avocado, and cilantro. "\t"Bacon-Butter Radishes Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 servings3 tablespoons rendered bacon fat (from about 6 ounces bacon)½ cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, cut into pieces½ teaspoon hot smoked paprika½ teaspoon finely grated lime zest1 teaspoon flaky sea salt, preferably smoked, plus more1 bunch radishes with greens, scrubbed, tops trimmed to 2 inches|  Preparation Real Talk: This recipe requires a little bit of patience as you thicken up the butter. A word of warning: If you wait for a few minutes, then get impatient and place the saucepan in a bowl of ice water (ice bath) to make things go faster, the butter can actually get TOO thick. Be sure to pick one method or the other right off the bat.Heat bacon fat and butter in a small saucepan over low (you only live once, after all) just until butter is melted and combined. Remove from heat and stir in paprika, lime zest, and 1 tsp salt. Let sit, stirring occasionally, until mixture is the consistency of heavy cream (you can place the saucepan in a bowl of ice water and stir to help speed things up if you’re impatient), about 30 minutes.Dip radishes one at a time into butter, letting excess drip off; if butter starts to set, very gently rewarm over low heat. Transfer radishes to a serving platter and sprinkle with more salt; reserve any leftover butter for another use.Do Ahead: Radishes can be dipped 8 hours ahead; chill. Let come to room temperature before serving. "\t"Anise Cookies Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes about 30 cookies2¼ cups all-purpose flour1½ teaspoons baking powder3 large eggs½ cup granulated sugar6 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, cooled3 tablespoons canola oil2½ teaspoons anise extract, divided2 cups powdered sugar|  Preparation Whisk flour and baking powder in a medium bowl. Using an electric mixer on medium speed, beat eggs, granulated sugar, butter, oil, and 1½ tsp anise extract in a large bowl until smooth, light, and foamy, about 2 minutes. Reduce mixer speed to low and add dry ingredients; beat just to combine.Roll tablespoonfuls of dough into balls with your hands. Space at least 1" apart on 2 large parchment-lined baking sheets. Chill until very firm, about 1 hour.Arrange racks in upper and lower thirds of oven; preheat to 350°. Bake cookies, rotating sheets halfway through if coloring unevenly, until golden brown around the edges and tops are firm, 10–12 minutes. Let cool.When cookies are cool, whisk powdered sugar, remaining 1 tsp anise extract, and 3 Tbsp water in a large bowl until smooth (glaze should be the consistency of heavy cream; add water by the teaspoonful to loosen if needed). Gently toss cookies in glaze until lightly coated, letting excess drip back into bowl. Transfer to clean parchment-lined baking sheets (you can use a small offset spatula for this, but the glaze is pretty forgiving of any finger marks) and let sit until glaze hardens, about 2 hours.Do Ahead: Cookies, without glaze, can be made 2 months ahead; store airtight and freeze. "\t"Classic Miso Soup Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 servings1 3x5-inch piece kombu¾ ounce bonito flakes (about 1½ packed cups)1 tablespoon dried wakame½ cup silken tofu, cut into ½-inch pieces¼ cup white miso1 scallion, very thinly sliced|  Preparation Combine kombu and 4 cups water in a medium saucepan. Let sit until kombu softens, 25–30 minutes. Bring to a simmer over medium heat. Immediately remove from heat once water starts simmering; fish out kombu and discard. Add bonito flakes and stir once to submerge them. Bring to a gentle boil, reduce heat, and simmer about 5 minutes. Remove from heat and let steep 15 minutes (this ensures you get the most flavorful broth, or dashi, possible).Meanwhile, combine wakame and 3 Tbsp water in a small bowl; let sit until wakame is softened; 10–15 minutes.Strain dashi (your broth) through a fine-mesh sieve into a medium bowl. Discard solids, wipe out pot, and return dashi to pot. Add tofu and wakame and bring to a simmer. Remove from heat. Submerge sieve in liquid, add miso to sieve, and stir to liquefy miso (see how to do this here), then press through strainer until miso is dissolved.Divide soup among bowls. Top with scallions. "\t"Green Miso Soup With Soba Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 servings1 3x5-inch piece kombu¾ ounce bonito flakes (about 1½ packed cups)4 ounces dried soba noodlesKosher salt1 tablespoon dried wakame½ cup frozen shelled edamame, thawed¼ cup white miso½ cup very finely chopped fresh herbs, such as parsley, cilantro, and/or chives1 scallion, very thinly sliced|  Preparation Combine kombu and 4 cups water in a large pot. Let sit until kombu softens, 25–30 minutes. Bring to a simmer over medium heat. Immediately remove from heat once water starts simmering; fish out kombu and discard. Add bonito flakes and stir once to submerge them. Return to a gentle boil, reduce heat, and simmer about 5 minutes. Remove from heat and let steep 15 minutes (this ensures you get the most flavorful broth, or dashi, possible).Meanwhile, combine wakame and 3 Tbsp water in a small bowl; let sit until wakame is softened; 10–15 minutes.Cook soba in a medium pot of boiling salted water, stirring occasionally, until al dente, about 6 minutes. Drain, rinse under cold water to stop them from cooking, and drain again. Divide noodles among bowls.Strain dashi through a fine-mesh sieve into a medium bowl. Discard solids, wipe out pot, and return dashi to pot. Add edamame and wakame. Bring to a very gentle simmer. Remove from heat. Submerge sieve in liquid, add miso to sieve, and stir to liquefy miso, then press through strainer until miso is dissolved. Stir in herbs.Ladle soup over soba and top with scallions. "\t"Butter Spritz Cookies Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes about 60 small cookies2¼ cups all-purpose flour1 teaspoon kosher salt½ teaspoon baking powder1 cup (2 sticks) unsalted butter, room temperature¾ cup sugar1 large egg1 teaspoon vanilla extractFood coloring and colored sugar (optional)Special EquipmentA spritz cookie press|  Preparation Arrange racks in upper and lower thirds of oven; preheat to 350°. Whisk flour, salt, and baking powder in a medium bowl.Using an electric mixer on medium-high speed, beat butter and sugar in a large bowl, scraping down sides occasionally, until pale and very fluffy, about 5 minutes. Add egg and vanilla and continue to beat, scraping down sides once or twice, until mixture is nearly doubled in volume, about 5 minutes more. Reduce mixer speed to low and add dry ingredients. Beat until partly incorporated, then switch to a large spoon and mix until well combined.Divide dough among 3 bowls and add a different food coloring to each, if desired, until you achieve the desired hue. Portion cookies with spritz cookie press according to manufacturer’s instructions on 3 unlined, ungreased baking sheets.Bake cookies, rotating sheets halfway through, until golden brown and set around the edges, 8–10 minutes. Let cool.Do Ahead: Cookies can be made 2 months ahead; store airtight and freeze. "\t"Rigatoni with Sausage, Beans, and Greens Recipe | Bon Appetit|3 tablespoons (or more) kosher salt3 links sweet Italian sausage1 15-ounce can cannellini (white kidney) beans1 bunch of Tuscan kale, rinsed1 2-ounce chunk of Parmesan3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, divided12 ounces rigatoni pasta½ teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes2 tablespoons unsalted butter1 lemon|  The first thing you want to do is get your pasta water boiling. Fill a large pot (preferably around 8 quarts) with approximately 6 quarts of water, then put it over high heat. When you see wisps of steam, add 3 Tbsp salt, stir once, and cover the pot. This will make it boil faster. Yes, it’s A LOT of salt, but as the pasta cooks, it absorbs the salty water, ensuring the pasta is seasoned from the inside out. You end up dumping most of the salt anyway when you drain the water.HOW TO KNOW WHICH PASTA SHAPES TO USE WHENWhile the water comes to a boil, prep your other ingredients. Remove sausage from its casings and set aside. Dump beans into a strainer or colander and rinse well. Shake off excess water. Turn out beans onto a couple of sheets of paper towel and pat dry with a few more paper towels. Strip kale leaves off the thick woody ribs and tear into small pieces; discard ribs. Finely grate Parmesan using the small holes of a box grater. Set aside about ½ cup cheese for garnishing.Heat 2 Tbsp oil in a large Dutch oven or large skillet, preferably with straight sides, over medium-high. It’s best to use a vessel with high sides, because you’re about to do a lot of tossing and flinging when the pasta goes in, and this will minimize spillage. Add sausage and cook, breaking up with a wooden spoon and stirring occasionally, until meat is browned, crispy in places, and cooked through, 8–10 minutes. Transfer with a spider or slotted spoon to a plate. Remove pot from heat and set aside.Pour pasta into water and stir once. Set timer for 3 minutes less than the package advises. You’re going to cook it well shy of al dente.While pasta is cooking, return pot to medium-low heat and add beans and ½ tsp red pepper flakes. Cook, tossing occasionally and mashing some beans with spoon, until browned in spots, about 5 minutes. Transfer about half of beans to plate with sausage.Using a ladle or liquid measuring cup, add about 1 cup cooking liquid from pasta into pot with beans (reserve remaining liquid). Increase heat to medium-high.Using spider or a slotted spoon, transfer pasta to pot with beans and add kale. Toss vigorously with tongs to move the pasta around to incorporate the kale as it wilts.THE 5 EASY STEPS TO GLOSSY, SILKY, RESTAURANT-Y PASTA ARE RIGHT HERE!Continue to cook, tossing often, until kale is wilted, pasta is al dente, and water is reduced by about half, about 4 minutes. If water is reduced before pasta is al dente, add another ¼–½ cup pasta cooking liquid. Reduce heat to low.Add another ¼ cup pasta cooking liquid, then gradually add cheese, tossing all the while, until cheese is emulsified into the water and forms a luxurious, glossy sauce.Remove pot from heat and add reserved beans and sausage, then butter, tossing, until butter is melted.Taste pasta and add more salt if needed. Cut lemon in half and squeeze one half over pasta, then drizzle with remaining 1 Tbsp oil.Divide pasta among bowls and top with reserved ½ cup cheese. "\t"Red Snapper, Shrimp, and Watermelon Ceviche Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 servings6 ounces medium shrimp, peeled, deveinedKosher salt6 ounces highest-quality skinless red snapper fillet, cut into ½-inch pieces1 jalapeño, very thinly sliced into rounds¼ cup fresh orange juice½ cup fresh lime juice, plus more for serving½ small watermelon, cut into 1-inch cubes (about 2 cups)½ small red onion, very thinly sliced1 avocado, chopped½ cup coarsely chopped cilantroChili oil and plantain chips or tortilla chips (for serving)|  Preparation Cook shrimp in a medium pot of boiling salted water until pink on the outside but just barely cooked on the inside, about 45 seconds. Transfer to an ice bath; drain and pat dry. Cut shrimp into ½" pieces and transfer to a large bowl. Add red snapper, jalapeño, orange juice, and ½ cup lime juice; toss to combine. Chill, tossing occasionally, at least 20 minutes or up to an hour.Add watermelon, onion, and avocado and toss to coat. Season with salt; toss in cilantro.Spoon ceviche into a large shallow bowl or divide among bowls. Drizzle with chili oil and more lime juice. Serve with chips alongside. "\t"Chocolate Sablés with Date Sugar Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes 16–20 1 ounce bittersweet dark chocolate (60–70% cacao)¾ cup all-purpose flour¼ cup Dutch-processed cocoa powder½ teaspoon kosher salt¼ teaspoon baking soda¾ cup date sugar10 tablespoons unsalted butter, room temperature2 large egg yolks1 teaspoon vanilla extract1 tablespoon mixed golden flaxseeds, brown flaxseeds, sesame seeds, and/or hemp seeds½ teaspoon flaky sea salt|  Preparation Grate chocolate using the large holes of a box grater. Whisk flour, cocoa powder, kosher salt, and baking soda in a medium bowl.Using an electric mixer on medium-high speed, beat sugar and butter in a large bowl, scraping down sides occasionally, until butter lightens and looks creamy, about 4 minutes. Beat in egg yolks one at a time, beating well between additions. Beat in vanilla and 1 tsp water. Reduce mixer speed to low and beat in dry ingredients, scraping down sides occasionally, until just combined. Beat in chocolate. Increase speed to medium and beat 30 seconds (this will help develop gluten in the flour, lending a less crumbly texture to the cookies).Transfer dough to a large sheet of parchment paper or plastic wrap. Form dough into a log about 2" thick. Chill until firm, at least 45 minutes.Preheat oven to 350° and line a rimmed baking sheet with parchment. Slice dough with a serrated knife into coins that are a generous ¼" thick. Transfer to prepared baking sheet. Mix seeds and sea salt in a small bowl; sprinkle over cookies.Bake cookies until edges are firm and tops are mostly firm but give just slightly when pressed, 11–13 minutes. Let cool.Do Ahead: Dough can be made 3 days ahead; keep chilled. Sables can be made 4 days ahead; store in an airtight container at room temperature. "\t"Blue Cheese and Bacon Lettuce Boats Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 servings6 ounces smoky bacon⅔ cup whole-milk yogurt (not Greek)1 garlic clove, finely grated2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice½ teaspoon honeyKosher salt, freshly ground pepper6 ounces blue cheese, crumbled, divided2 heads Little Gem lettuce or romaine hearts, leaves separated2 tablespoons finely chopped chivesLemon wedges (for serving)|  Preparation Real Talk: You can use any kind of lettuce that’s able to hold some weight and can be cut to be handheld, like butter or iceberg—even kale or chard if that’s what you have on hand. Also: Thick-cut bacon is particularly awesome here; just make sure it gets extra-crispy before serving.Cook bacon in a medium saucepan over medium-low heat, turning often, until brown and crisp and fat is rendered, 8–10 minutes. Transfer to paper towels and let cool (reserve rendered fat for another use, or discard, though that’d be sad). Chop bacon and set aside.Using a fork, mix yogurt, garlic, lemon juice, honey, and half of blue cheese in a medium bowl, mashing away to break up cheese. Season with salt and pepper. Spoon 1–2 tsp yogurt mixture into centers of lettuce leaves, then top with evenly with bacon and remaining cheese. Season with salt and pepper. Transfer lettuce leaves to a fancy serving platter you thought you’d never use and top with chives. Squeeze lemon wedges over and serve. "\t"Herbed Cauliflower Rice Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 servings½ large head of cauliflower, broken into florets (about 5 cups)2 tablespoons unsalted butter or olive oil10 scallions, finely chopped1 jalapeño, seeds removed, finely chopped⅓ cup coarsely chopped cilantro, plus whole leaves for servingKosher salt, freshly ground pepperFlaky sea salt (for serving; optional)|  Preparation Fit a food processor with the coarse shredding disc; process cauliflower. You should end up with about 4 cups. Transfer cauliflower to a paper towel–lined rimmed baking sheet and press another layer of paper towel on top to blot any moisture.Heat butter in a large skillet over medium. Once butter begins to foam (or oil is hot), add scallions and jalapeño and cook, stirring occasionally, until scallions are softened, about 5 minutes. Add cauliflower, give pan a shake to combine, and cover. Cook, shaking pan occasionally, until cauliflower is tender, 5–7 minutes. Toss in ⅓ cup chopped cilantro; season with salt and pepper.Transfer cauliflower rice to a platter. Top with cilantro leaves and sea salt, if using. "\t"Sweet Potato–Turmeric Miso Soup Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 servings1 small sweet potato1 3x5-inch piece kombu¾ ounce bonito flakes (about 1½ packed cups)1 5.5-ounce can unsweetened coconut milk¼ cup white miso1 tablespoon finely grated fresh turmeric or 1 teaspoon ground turmeric1 tablespoon fresh lime juiceToasted coconut flakes, crushed salted, roasted peanuts, and chili oil (for serving)|  Preparation Preheat oven to 450°. Pierce potato several times with a fork or sharp knife. Roast potato on a rimmed baking sheet until tender, 35–45 minutes. Let cool, then scoop out flesh; discard skin.Meanwhile, combine kombu and 4 cups water in a large pot. Let sit until kombu softens, 25–30 minutes. Bring to a simmer over medium heat. Immediately remove from heat once water starts simmering; fish out kombu and discard. Add bonito flakes and stir once to submerge them. Return to a gentle boil, reduce heat, and simmer about 5 minutes. Remove from heat and let steep 15 minutes (this ensures you get the most flavorful broth, or dashi, possible). Strain dashi through a fine-mesh strainer into a medium bowl. Discard solids; wipe out pot.Transfer dashi to a blender. Add sweet potato, coconut milk, miso, and turmeric. Blend until smooth. Return to pot and bring to a very gentle simmer. Remove from heat and stir in lime juice.Divide soup among bowls. Top with coconut flakes and peanuts, then drizzle with chili oil. "\t"Chocolate-Cashew Butter Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes about 1 cup1½ cups cashews¼ cup unsweetened almond milk3 tablespoons unsweetened cocoa powder3 tablespoons pure maple syrup¼ teaspoon kosher salt|  Preparation Preheat oven to 350°. Toast cashews on a rimmed baking sheet, tossing once, until golden brown and fragrant, 7–10 minutes. Let cool completely.Process cashews in a food processor, scraping down sides of bowl occasionally, until smooth (this may take up to 8 minutes). Add milk, cocoa powder, maple syrup, and salt. Pulse to combine.Do Ahead: Cashew butter can be made 2 weeks ahead. Cover and chill. "\t"Spicy Kimchi Miso Soup Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 servings1 3x5-inch piece kombu¾ ounce bonito flakes (about 1½ packed cups)4 large eggs, room temperature⅔ cup chopped kimchi½ cup silken tofu, cut into ½-inch pieces¼ cup miso2 tablespoons gochujangSesame seeds and toasted sesame oil (for serving)|  Preparation Combine kombu and 4 cups water in a large pot. Let sit until kombu softens, 25–30 minutes. Bring to a simmer over medium heat. Immediately remove from heat once water starts simmering; fish out kombu and discard. Add bonito flakes and stir once to submerge them. Return to a gentle boil, reduce heat, and simmer about 5 minutes. Remove from heat and let steep 15 minutes (this ensures you get the most flavorful broth, or dashi, possible).Meanwhile, cook eggs in a medium pot of boiling water 6 minutes. Transfer to a bowl of ice water (ice bath) and let sit until cold, about 2 minutes. Peel eggs; set aside.Strain dashi through a fine-mesh sieve into a medium bowl. Discard solids, wipe out pot, and return dashi to pot. Add kimchi and tofu and bring to a very gentle simmer. Remove from heat. Submerge sieve in liquid, add miso and gochujang to sieve, and stir to liquefy both, then press through strainer until pastes are dissolved.Divide soup among bowls. Top with sesame seeds and drizzle with sesame oil. Cut eggs in half and add to bowls. "\t"Savory Palmiers with Roasted Garlic and Rosemary Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes about 158 garlic cloves, smashed¼ cup olive oil1 tablespoon chopped rosemary½ teaspoon crushed red pepper flakesKosher salt1 17-ounce package frozen puff pastry, preferably all-butter, thawedAll-purpose flour (for surface)1 large egg, beaten to blend|  Preparation Real Talk: What the heck is a “palmier”, anyway? These French pastries (pronounced “pahlm-yay” in case your friends ask) are traditionally lacquered with sugar, then rolled up. They’re also adorably called “elephant ears.” We filled these palmiers with a garlic-rosemary blend to make them less dessert-y. The cook time for the garlic is correct—just be sure to cook it over super-low heat.Preheat oven to 400°. Cook garlic and oil in a small saucepan over low heat until garlic is bubbling around the edges but not taking on color, about 2 minutes. Continue to cook until garlic is softened and tender and your kitchen smells like garlic, 15–20 minutes. Add rosemary, red pepper, and a few generous pinches of salt and increase heat to medium. Cook, stirring occasionally, until rosemary is fragrant and garlic is golden, about 2 minutes. Be patient and let everything cool. Mash garlic mixture with a fork or potato masher to a coarse paste. There’s your filling!Roll out pastry on a lightly floured surface just to smooth out any creases. If you’re using a package of pastry that has 2 sheets, simply stack the sheets and roll out to a rectangle between ¼"–⅛" thick. Smear garlic mixture over pastry in an even layer, spreading to edges (a small offset spatula is good for this).Okay, here comes the fun part: With 1 long side facing you, fold both long sides in toward the center line so the edges meet in the middle (do not overlap); press down gently to flatten. Brush exposed pastry with egg wash (which is just a beaten egg that will make the dough a beautiful color after baking). Now roll the sides you just folded lengthwise toward the center to form a double-spiral log with a seam running down the middle. Squeeze all along length of log to adhere. Roll whole log away from you 90° so seam is facing away from you. Trim about ½" off 1 end to clean up the edge, then slice log crosswise into ½"-thick pieces (you should have about 15).You’re almost done! Transfer pieces cut side up to a parchment-lined baking sheet, spacing about 2" apart. Brush outside edges of pastry with egg wash, avoiding cut sides on top. Chill until pastry is firm, 10–15 minutes.Bake palmiers 10 minutes, then reduce oven temperature to 350° and continue to bake until puffed and golden all over, 20–30 minutes. Let cool before serving.Do Ahead: Palmiers can be baked 8 hours ahead. Let cool, then cover with plastic and let sit at room temperature until ready to serve. "\t"Chilaquiles Casserole Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 8 servingsSauce2 tablespoons vegetable oil1 large onion, chopped6 garlic cloves, thinly sliced3 tablespoons tomato paste8 dried guajillo or New Mexico chiles, seeds removed4 ancho chiles (or use 4 guajillo or New Mexico chiles for a milder flavor), seeds removed5 cups low-sodium chicken broth2 tablespoons apple cider vinegarKosher saltAssembly1 tablespoon vegetable oil1 pound fresh chorizo, casings removed1 13.5-ounce can white or golden hominy, drained16 tostadas or a 10-ounce bag tortilla chips1 pound sharp cheddar, coarsely grated (about 5 cups)1 small onion, finely chopped8 small radishes, trimmed, thinly sliced2 cups thinly sliced green cabbageKosher salt1 tablespoon apple cider vinegar½ cup sour cream2 tablespoons fresh lime juice1 cup cilantro leaves with tender stems|  Preparation SauceHeat oil in a large saucepan over medium-high. Cook onion and garlic, stirring often, until golden brown and tender, 8–10 minutes. Add tomato paste and cook, stirring constantly, until darkened, about 2 minutes. Add guajillo and ancho chiles and broth. Bring to a simmer, cover, and cook, reducing heat as needed to keep at a simmer, until chiles are very tender, 30–40 minutes.Let cool slightly, then purée in a blender. Transfer to a large bowl, stir in vinegar, and season with salt.Do Ahead: Sauce can be made 3 days ahead. Let cool; transfer to an airtight container and chill.AssemblyPreheat oven to 375°. Heat oil in a medium skillet over medium-high. Cook sausage, breaking up with a spoon, until browned and nearly cooked through, 6–8 minutes. Add hominy and cook, stirring occasionally, until posole is beginning to crisp around the edges and chorizo is cooked through, about 4 minutes. Spread about 1 cup sauce in an even layer across the bottom of a 3-qt. baking dish. Add a layer of tostadas, followed by another cup or so of sauce, 1 cup cheese, 2 Tbsp onion, and one-quarter of chorizo. Repeat layering process until you’ve used remaining tostadas, sauce, cheese, onion, and chorizo. You should have 3–4 layers depending on your dish. Transfer to oven and bake until cheese is melted and sauce is bubbling around the edges, 30–40 minutes.While casserole is baking, place radishes and cabbage in a large bowl, season with a couple of generous pinches of salt, and toss to combine. Let sit until vegetables are beginning to soften, about 5 minutes. Squeeze vegetables with your hands to expel excess water. Drain off as much liquid from vegetables as possible. Add vinegar and toss to coat; season with more salt to taste.Mix sour cream and lime juice in a small bowl; season with salt.To serve, spoon dollops of lime sour cream over casserole and scatter cabbage slaw and cilantro on top. "\t"Savory Palmiers with Parmesan and Black Pepper Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes about 151 17-ounce package frozen puff pastry, thawedAll-purpose flour (for surface)1 large egg, beaten to blend2 ounces finely grated Parmesan cheese (about ½ cup)1½ teaspoons coarsely ground black pepper|  Preparation Real Talk: Yes, rolling up the pastry at both long ends into a log and making fancy palmiers is sure to impress your guests, but if you’re truly in a pinch before party time, you can roll up the log like a cinnamon roll before cutting up into pieces. But only if you’re really that behind!Preheat oven to 400°. Roll out pastry on a lightly floured surface just to smooth out any creases. If you’re using a package of pastry that has 2 sheets, simply stack the sheets and roll out to a rectangle between ¼"–⅛" thick. Brush surface with egg wash (which is just a beaten egg that will make the dough a beautiful color after baking) and sprinkle cheese evenly over, followed by pepper.Okay, here comes the fun part: With 1 long side facing you, fold both long sides in toward the center line so the edges meet in the middle (do not overlap); press down gently to flatten. Brush exposed pastry with egg wash. Now roll the sides you just folded lengthwise toward the center to form a double-spiral log with a seam running down the middle. Squeeze all along length of log to adhere. Roll whole log away from you 90° so seam is facing away from you. Trim about ½” off 1 end to clean up the edge, then slice log crosswise into ½”-thick pieces (you should have about 15).You’re almost done! Transfer pieces cut side up to a parchment-lined baking sheet, spacing about 2" apart. Brush outside edges of pastry with egg wash, avoiding cut sides on top. Chill until pastry is firm, 10–15 minutes.Bake palmiers 10 minutes, then reduce oven temperature to 350° and continue to bake until puffed and golden all over, 20–30 minutes. Let cool before serving.Do Ahead: Palmiers can be baked 8 hours ahead. Let cool, then cover with plastic and let sit at room temperature until ready to serve. "\t"Pizzettes Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes 30 cookiesCookies1½ cups all-purpose flour4 ounces bittersweet chocolate chips4 ounces roasted, unsalted almonds, finely chopped (about ¾ cup)1 teaspoon baking powder¼ cup hot strong coffee¼ cup unsweetened cocoa powder¾ teaspoon ground cinnamon¾ teaspoon ground cloves¾ teaspoon ground nutmeg½ teaspoon kosher salt1 large egg1 large egg yolk½ cup granulated sugar⅓ cup vegetable oil1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest1 teaspoon finely grated orange zestGlaze and Assembly4 ounces bittersweet chocolate chips or chopped chocolate1 tablespoon unsalted butter1¼ cups powdered sugarColored sanding sugar or sprinkles (for serving)|  Preparation CookiesPreheat oven to 375°. Mix flour, chocolate chips, almonds, and baking powder in a medium bowl.Whisk coffee and cocoa powder in a large bowl until smooth. Add cinnamon, cloves, nutmeg, and salt and whisk until smooth. Whisk in egg, egg yolk, granulated sugar, oil, and zests.Stir in dry ingredients with a large spoon until just combined; do not overwork dough.Turn dough out onto a work surface. Divide in half, then roll each half into a 1½"-wide log. Flatten to 2" wide. Slice on a bias into 1"-wide cookies. Transfer to parchment-lined rimmed baking sheets, spacing at least 1" apart. Bake cookies until firm around the edges but still soft in the middle, 8–10 minutes. Let cool.Do Ahead: Cookies can be made 2 months ahead; store airtight and freeze.Glaze and AssemblyMelt chocolate and butter in a medium heatproof bowl set over a large saucepan of barely simmering water (do not let water touch bowl); stir constantly until chocolate is melted and smooth (you can also do this in the microwave). Whisk in powdered sugar and 5 Tbsp boiling water until smooth.Dip tops of cookies into glaze and top with colored sanding sugar or sprinkles. Let cool until glaze is firm, about 2 hours. "\t"Curried Potato Tart with Cilantro Yogurt Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 8 servingsSpiced Butter8 green cardamom pods2 teaspoons coriander seeds1 medium onion, chopped6 garlic cloves, thinly sliced1 jalapeño, thinly sliced6 tablespoons unsalted butter¼ cup olive oil1 tablespoon brown mustard seeds1 tablespoon Madras curry powderKosher salt, freshly ground peppeFilling and Assembly3 pounds red-skinned potatoes, scrubbedKosher salt1 10-ounce package frozen spinach, thawed1 cup thawed frozen peas½ cup heavy cream1 ½ cups plain whole-milk Greek yogurt, dividedFreshly ground black pepper6 14x12-inch sheets frozen phyllo pastry, thawed1 small garlic clove1 cup cilantro leaves with tender stems2 tablespoons fresh lime juiceSpecial EquipmentA spice mill or a mortar and pestle|  Preparation Spiced ButterCrack open cardamom pods and remove black seeds; discard pods. Combine cardamom seeds and coriander seeds in spice mill or mortar and pestle and coarsely grind. Mix in a small saucepan with onion, garlic, jalapeño, butter, oil, mustard seeds, and curry powder. Season generously with salt and pepper. Cook over medium heat, stirring often, until simmering gently and onion is mostly softened, about 5 minutes. Holding back any solids, pour out ⅓ cup butter mixture and set aside for brushing phyllo. Set aside remaining butter mixture with spices for potato filling.Filling and AssemblyPreheat oven to 375°. Place potatoes in a large saucepan and add water to cover by at least 2"; season generously with salt. Bring to a boil, reduce heat, and simmer until potatoes are tender, 30–35 minutes. Let potatoes cool slightly, then cut into large pieces.Toss potatoes, spinach, peas, cream, and ½ cup yogurt in a large bowl to combine. Mix in reserved spice butter with all the spices; season with salt and pepper.Lay out a sheet of phyllo on a work surface and brush generously with some of reserved ⅓ cup spice butter (reheat if it has solidified). Transfer sheet to a large ovenproof skillet or shallow braising dish, letting any excess dough hang over the edges. Repeat with remaining sheets of phyllo, pressing each layer firmly into bottom of skillet. Top with potato filling and fold excess phyllo over filling to form a ruffly edge around the dish and leaving center exposed. Bake until phyllo is golden brown and crisp and filling is lightly browned, 35–45 minutes.While tart is baking, purée garlic, cilantro, lime juice, and remaining 1 cup yogurt in a blender until smooth; season yogurt sauce with salt.Cut tart into wedges and serve with yogurt sauce alongside. "\t"Cheesy Zucchini-Eggplant Bake Recipe | Bon Appetit|1 large globe eggplant2 large zucchini and/or summer squash24 ounces cherry and/or grape tomatoes8 garlic cloves, unpeeled5 tablespoons olive oil, plus moreKosher salt8 ounces fresh ricotta (about 1 cup)¾ teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes8 ounces salted low-moisture mozzarella, grated, divided1 cup basil leaves, divided|  Place racks in upper and lower thirds of oven; preheat to 450°. Cut off stem end of eggplant, then shave a thin slice off of fattest part of bulbous end. Rest eggplant on newly cut side so it doesn’t roll around your board.Cut eggplant crosswise into ½"-thick slices.Repeat same process with zucchini and/or summer squash, trimming stem end, shaving side and resting on flat surface, and slicing crosswise ½" thick.Arrange eggplant slices in a single layer on a rimmed baking sheet, then fit as many pieces of zucchini as possible on same baking sheet, tucking into spaces around eggplant.Place remaining zucchini slices on one half of another rimmed baking sheet, arranging as close together as possible and in a single layer.On empty side of baking sheet, arrange tomatoes and garlic. Drizzle 1 Tbsp oil over tomatoes and garlic and toss with your hands to coat.Using your hands, smear 2 Tbsp oil over exposed sides of eggplant and zucchini slices. Eggplant in particular acts like a sponge and will soak up oil in an instant. Since all you want is a thin, even coating, it’s better to smear them with oil rather than to drizzle.Still using your hands, turn eggplant and squash slices over and smear other side with 2 Tbsp oil. Season all vegetables on both baking sheets with a couple of 4-finger pinches of salt.Place sheet with eggplant on lower rack and sheet with tomatoes on upper rack and roast until eggplant is deeply browned on the underside and tomatoes are lightly blistered, 15–25 minutes.Remove both baking sheets from oven. You’ll notice that the vegetables will have shrunk quite a bit. On baking sheet with eggplant, slide a flexible metal spatula underneath ALL slices and turn them over. Slide rounds over to one side, then transfer zucchini from sheet with tomatoes onto sheet with eggplant, turning them over in the process. You should end up with tomatoes and garlic on one baking sheet, and eggplant and zucchini on the other.Let baking sheet with tomatoes cool, but return baking sheet with eggplant and zucchini to lower rack and roast until second side of eggplant is deeply browned, 10–15 minutes. Let sit until cool enough to handle.Meanwhile, combine 8 oz. ricotta, ¾ tsp red pepper flakes, and 6 oz. mozzarella in a medium bowl. Drizzle with oil and mix with a fork to combine; season lightly with salt.BOUGHT TOO MUCH RICOTTA? GOOD! THERE ARE PLENTY OF WAYS TO USE IT.Using a fork, remove garlic cloves from baking sheet and transfer to a cutting board. Press on skins to force out the soft, caramelized cloves; discard skins. Mash cloves to a paste with fork, then stir into ricotta mixture.Drizzle some oil into a shallow 2-qt. baking dish. Arrange one-third of zucchini and eggplant slices in a single layer.Scatter one-third of blistered tomatoes over, then dollop half of ricotta mixture over tomatoes.Tear one-third of basil leaves and scatter over ricotta.Repeat layering process with half of remaining eggplant and zucchini, all of remaining ricotta mixture, and half of remaining tomatoes and basil. Top with remaining eggplant, zucchini, and tomatoes.Sprinkle remaining 2 oz. mozzarella over and bake until mozzarella is melted and browned in spots and liquid around the edges is bubbling, 15–20 minutes.Let rest 10 minutes, then top with remaining basil and drizzle with a little more oil. "\t"Sumac Fried Eggs with Red Chile and Garlic Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 servings3 tablespoons olive oil1 red chile, such as Fresno, thinly sliced3 garlic cloves, thinly sliced4 large eggsKosher salt½ teaspoon sumacIngredient InfoSumac, a tart, citrusy spice generally sold in ground form, can be found at Middle Eastern markets, specialty foods stores, and online.|  Preparation Heat oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium-high. Add chile and garlic and cook, stirring often, until chile is slightly softened and garlic is golden and crisp, about 2 minutes (don’t let the garlic get too dark or else it, and the oil, will taste acrid and bitter). Transfer to a small bowl; set aside.Crack eggs into skillet and season with salt. Cook, rotating skillet occasionally, until whites are golden brown and crisp at the edges and set around the yolk (which should be runny), about 2 minutes. Transfer to a large plate. Top with reserved chile mixture. Sprinkle eggs with sumac and serve. "\t"Acai Power House Bowl Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 2 servings1 banana, frozen2 4-ounce packets pure, unsweetened acai purée¾ cup nut, rice, or seed milk2 Medjool dates, pitted½ cup chopped frozen mango½ cup frozen blueberries½ cup torn kale leaves¼ cup plain full-fat Greek yogurt1 tablespoon fresh lime juice2 teaspoons maca powderPinch of kosher saltToppings SuggestionsCrushed cerealGolden berriesToasted coconut flakesGoji berriesDried figsCocoa nibs|  Preparation Place 2 small serving bowls in freezer to put a hard chill on them (this makes for a better acai bowl since it helps keep mixture tight and prevents melting). Cut off one-quarter of banana and set aside for serving.Using a hammer, rolling pin, or heavy skillet, crush acai packets. Pour milk into a blender. Add acai, dates, mango, blueberries, kale, yogurt, lime juice, maca powder, salt, and remaining frozen banana. Blend on low speed to combine, then gradually work your way up to high (you may need to use the tamping/stirring tool to get everything going). Blend until mixture is well combined and very thick but still spoon-able; don’t overblend or mixture will be too soupy and will begin to warm up from the friction of the blender.Divide acai mixture between chilled bowls and top with different toppings, including reserved banana. You can really use any toppings you want; that’s the best part! "\t"Savory Sweet Potato Casserole Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 12 servings5 pounds medium sweet potatoes, halved lengthwise¼ cup rosemary leaves¼ cup sage leaves½ cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, divided1½ cups coarse fresh sourdough breadcrumbsKosher salt, freshly ground pepper4 small or 2 large shallots, chopped1½ cups heavy cream2 large eggs, beaten to blend5 ounces finely grated Parmesan (about 1⅔ cups)1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest|  Preparation Arrange racks in upper and lower thirds of oven; preheat to 350°. Prick potato skins with a fork and place cut side down on 2 foil-lined rimmed baking sheets. Roast potatoes, rotating sheets halfway through, until very tender when squeezed, 70–90 minutes. Let cool on sheets. Increase oven temperature to 400°.While potatoes roast, cook rosemary, sage, and 6 Tbsp butter in a small saucepan over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until butter foams, then browns, and herbs are golden and crisp, about 5 minutes; let cool.Scoop out flesh from potatoes and transfer to a large bowl (discard skins). Spoon about half of warm butter and fried herbs into bowl with potatoes. Add breadcrumbs to saucepan with remaining butter-herb mixture and toss to coat; season with salt and pepper. Transfer to a small bowl.Heat remaining 2 Tbsp butter in same saucepan over medium. Add shallots and cook, stirring often, until translucent and golden around the edges, about 5 minutes. Add cream and bring to a simmer. Remove from heat and, using an immersion blender, blend cream mixture until smooth. Transfer to bowl with potatoes. Add eggs and Parmesan. Blend with immersion blender until light and smooth. Season with salt and pepper.Transfer potato mixture to a shallow 2-qt. baking dish, smoothing top. Using a spatula or the back of a large spoon, create some peaks and valleys. Top with breadcrumb mixture. Bake casserole until top is golden and crisp, 20–25 minutes. Sprinkle lemon zest over. Let cool 10 minutes before serving.Do Ahead: Casserole, without breadcrumbs, can be made 3 hours ahead. Fully assembled casserole can be made 1 day ahead; cover with foil and chill. Let come to room temperature before baking. "\t"Spiced Chickpeas with Crispy Pita, Yogurt, and Brown Butter Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 servings2 8-inch pita breads, split in half crosswise, torn into 1-inch pieces⅓ cup plus 2 tablespoons olive oilKosher salt, freshly ground pepper2 16-ounce cans chickpeas, drained2 garlic cloves, finely grated¼ teaspoon ground cumin3 tablespoons unsalted butter¼ cup raw cashews3 tablespoons pine nuts1¼ cups plain, whole-milk (not Greek) yogurt¼ cup coarsely chopped parsley¼ cup torn mint leaves, plus sprigs for serving¼ teaspoon smoked paprikaRadishes with tops and oil-cured olives (for serving)|  Preparation Preheat oven to 350°. Toss pita pieces with ⅓ cup oil on a rimmed baking sheet; season with salt and pepper. Bake, tossing once, until golden brown and crisp, 12–15 minutes. Transfer to a large bowl.Meanwhile, heat remaining 2 Tbsp oil in a large skillet over medium. Add chickpeas and garlic and cook, tossing occasionally, until chickpeas are warmed through and scented from the garlic, 4–6 minutes. Add cumin and toss to coat; season with salt. Transfer chickpeas to bowl with pita and toss. Transfer to a platter.Cook butter in a small skillet over medium heat until it foams. Add cashews and pine nuts and continue to cook, stirring often, until butter browns and nuts have slightly darkened, 2–3 minutes.Dollop yogurt over chickpea mixture. Top with parsley, cashew mixture (along with butter), and ¼ cup mint. Sprinkle with paprika. Serve with radishes, olives, and mint sprigs alongside.Do Ahead: Pita chips can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and store in an airtight container. "\t"Hot Turmeric Latte Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes 1½ cup coconut milk1 tablespoon date sugar or 2 teaspoons raw sugar4 teaspoons freshly grated turmeric or 1 teaspoon ground turmeric1 teaspoon freshly grated ginger or ¼ teaspoon ground ginger⅛ teaspoon Chinese five-spice powder or ground nutmegPinch of kosher salt|  Preparation Whisk coconut milk, sugar, turmeric, ginger, five-spice, salt, and ¾ cup water in a small saucepan and bring to a boil. Remove from heat and let mixture steep 5 minutes. Strain through a fine-mesh sieve into a mug and serve. "\t"Kung Pao Cauliflower Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 Servings2 tablespoons Chinese rice wine or dry sherry2 teaspoons cornstarch1 tablespoon plus 2 teaspoons soy sauce1 tablespoon sherry vinegar2 teaspoons hoisin sauce2 teaspoons sugar1 teaspoon toasted sesame oil1 medium head of cauliflower (about 1¾ pounds)2 tablespoons vegetable oil, divided3 ounces slab or thick-cut bacon, chopped6 dried japones chiles, chiles de árbol, or other red chiles1 teaspoon Sichuan peppercorns or ½ teaspoon cracked black peppercorns3 scallions, dark-green and white parts separated, thinly sliced1 serrano chile, sliced1 1-inch piece ginger, peeled, finely chopped2 garlic cloves, sliced¼ cup unsalted, roasted peanutsKosher saltSteamed white rice (for serving)|  Preparation Stir wine, cornstarch, and 1 Tbsp soy sauce in a medium bowl; set marinade aside.Stir vinegar, hoisin sauce, sugar, sesame oil, and remaining 2 tsp soy sauce in a small bowl; set sauce aside.Remove leaves and cut cauliflower into medium florets. Trim woody end of stalk and discard, then cut stalk into ½"-thick pieces. Heat 1 Tbsp vegetable oil in a wok or large cast-iron skillet over medium-high. Cook cauliflower, tossing occasionally, until browned in places and beginning to soften, 7–9 minutes. Give reserved marinade a stir to reincorporate cornstarch and add cauliflower to bowl; toss to coat. Toss occasionally while you cook the bacon.Reduce heat to medium. Cook bacon and remaining 1 Tbsp vegetable oil in wok, stirring often, until bacon is browned and crisp, about 5 minutes. Add dried chiles and peppercorns and cook, tossing, just until fragrant (be careful not to burn), about 30 seconds. Transfer bacon, chiles, and peppercorns to a plate, leaving bacon drippings behind.Return cauliflower to wok with a slotted spoon; discard excess marinade. Cook cauliflower, tossing occasionally, until charred in spots and crisp-tender (short of scorching it, don’t worry about letting it go pretty dark), 8–10 minutes. Add scallion whites, serrano chile, ginger, garlic, and peanuts and cook, tossing often, until sauce is fragrant and cauliflower is tender, about 2 minutes. Add bacon mixture and cook, tossing, just until sauce coats cauliflower, about 1 minute; season with salt.Transfer to a serving dish and top with scallion greens. Serve with rice alongside. "\t"Chocolate Cream Cheese Frosting Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes enough for 24 cupcakes Servings8 ounces milk chocolate or white chocolate, chopped⅓ cup whole milk8 ounces cream cheese, room temperature6 tablespoons unsalted butter, room temperature1 teaspoon kosher salt2 cups powdered sugar1 tablespoon vanilla extract|  Preparation Heat chocolate and milk in a medium heatproof bowl set over a saucepan of barely simmering water, stirring occasionally, until smooth. Set aside to cool.Using an electric mixer on medium-low speed, beat cream cheese, butter, and salt in a large bowl until smooth. Add powdered sugar and beat on low speed until incorporated, then increase speed to medium and beat until light and fluffy, about 2 minutes. Scrape down sides of bowl and add chocolate mixture. Beat just until smooth, then beat in vanilla.Chill frosting, stirring occasionally, until it holds soft peaks, 15–20 minutes for milk chocolate and 50–60 for white chocolate. Beat briefly with electric mixer on low speed until smooth, then spread evenly over cupcakes. "\t"Grilled Beef with Broccoli Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 servings6 garlic cloves, grated1 3-inch piece ginger, peeled, grated¾ cup oyster sauce¾ cup Shaoxing wine (Chinese rice wine)¾ cup soy sauce¼ cup toasted sesame oil3 tablespoons mild-flavored (light) molasses3 tablespoons unseasoned rice vinegar1½ pounds flank steak2 medium heads of broccoli (about 1 pound), stems peeled, heads halved lengthwiseSliced scallions, toasted sesame seeds, and cooked white rice (for serving)|  Preparation Whisk garlic, ginger, oyster sauce, wine, soy sauce, oil, molasses, and vinegar in a medium bowl. Place steak in a large resealable plastic bag and pour in 2 cups marinade; set remaining marinade aside. Seal bag, turn to coat, and let steak marinate in refrigerator at least 1 hour and up to 12.Prepare a gas grill for 2-zone heat; set one burner at medium and one or two burners at medium-high. Alternatively, prepare a charcoal grill for medium-high heat. Grill steak over medium-high heat, turning occasionally, until charred, 3–5 minutes per side for medium-rare. Transfer to a cutting board and let rest 10 minutes. Slice against the grain into ½"-thick strips.Meanwhile, stir ½ cup reserved marinade and ½ cup water in a small bowl to combine. Brush broccoli all over (crowns and stems) with some of the thinned marinade. Grill over medium heat, turning occasionally and basting frequently with thinned marinade, until charred and tender, about 12 minutes. Transfer to a plater and let cool slightly before breaking into large pieces.Divide steak and broccoli among plates. Top with scallions and sesame seeds. Serve with rice and remaining marinade alongside. "\t"Shrimp and Pimiento Cheese Grits Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 ServingsKosher salt, freshly ground pepper1 cup medium-grind grits (not instant)1 cup pimiento cheese spread4 teaspoons sambal oelek, divided1 tablespoon olive oil4 ounces thick-cut bacon, cut crosswise into ¼-inch strips1 pound large shrimp (about 20), peeled, deveined, divided⅓ cup parsley leaves with tender stems, chopped2 teaspoons fresh lime juice|  Preparation <u>Real Talk</u>: This is the time to buy hardwood smoked thick-cut bacon to really impress your friends (if you don’t see it stocked with the cold cuts, go to the butcher counter, smile wide, and ask nicely if they can slice some slab bacon for you). If bacon isn’t your thing, just fry the shrimp in 1 Tbsp olive oil.Bring 2 tsp salt, ¼ tsp pepper, and 4¾ cups water to a boil in a medium saucepan. Whisk in grits. Reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and cook, whisking occasionally, until grits are thick, tender, and creamy, 10–12 minutes. Increase heat to medium, stir in cheese and 2 tsp sambal oelek, and cook, stirring, until cheese is melted and mixture is smooth, about 2 minutes. Season with salt and pepper; cover and remove from heat.Meanwhile, heat oil in a medium skillet over medium-high. Cook bacon, stirring occasionally, until crispy and golden brown, about 5 minutes. Transfer to paper towels. Do not eat all the bacon.Increase heat to high and cook half of shrimp in same skillet until lightly browned and just cooked through, about 1 minute per side. Transfer to a medium bowl; repeat with remaining shrimp. Cut shrimp into ½" pieces; discard tails. Return shrimp to same bowl, then add parsley, lime juice, bacon, and remaining 2 tsp sambal oelek; toss to combine. Season with salt and pepper.Divide grits mixture among bowls and top with shrimp mixture. "\t"Cacao and Coconut Latte Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes 2½ cup cacao nibs¼ cup unsweetened coconut flakes¼ teaspoon kosher salt2 tablespoons organic sugar, divided1 cup hot coconut milk1 tablespoon virgin coconut oil, melted|  Preparation Cover cacao nibs, coconut flakes, salt, and 1 Tbsp sugar with 2 cups boiling water in a medium heatproof bowl. Let steep, uncovered, 5 minutes.Blend cacao nib mixture, coconut milk, coconut oil, and remaining 1 Tbsp sugar in a blender on high speed until smooth and frothy, about 1 minute. Strain through a fine-mesh sieve, dividing between mugs. "\t"Reuben Dutch Baby Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 Servings4 large eggs½ cup milk, room temperature1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, plus more for serving½ cup all-purpose flourKosher salt4 ounces coarsely grated Swiss cheese (preferably Jarlsberg), divided½ teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus more2 tablespoons unsalted butter8 ounces thinly sliced pastrami, dividedSauerkraut (for serving)|  Preparation Real Talk: The key to getting a big, light, puffy rise is to make sure the flour is thoroughly incorporated into the egg mixture. Whisk your arm off until zero, absolutely zero, clumps remain.Place a 10" cast-iron skillet in oven; preheat to 425°. Whisk eggs, milk, and 1 tsp mustard in a medium bowl until smooth. Whisking constantly, gradually add flour, whisking until smooth; season with salt. Stir in half of cheese and ½ tsp pepper.Carefully remove preheated skillet from oven and add butter; swirl skillet to coat. Drape half of pastrami into skillet (it’s okay if it bends and folds over itself); season with salt and pepper. Pour egg mixture over. Return skillet to oven and bake until Dutch baby is puffed and golden brown, 12–15 minutes.Remove skillet from oven and heat broiler (do not fear the broiler). Drape remaining pastrami over Dutch baby; top with remaining 2 oz. cheese. Broil until cheese is melted, about 3 minutes.Top with sauerkraut and mustard before serving. "\t"Mixed Nut and Seed Crackers Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 8 servings¾ cup raw cashews½ cup blanched almonds½ cup walnuts¼ cup raw pumpkin seeds (pepitas)2 tablespoons chia seeds2 tablespoons flaxseeds3 tablespoons olive oil1 teaspoon kosher salt|  Preparation Pulse nuts, pumpkin seeds, chia seeds, and flaxseeds in a food processor until the texture of very coarse sand (mixture should stick together when pinched). With motor running, drizzle in ¼ cup water, then oil and salt. Pulse until a wet dough forms. Scrape out onto a sheet of plastic wrap and form into a log. Roll up, using plastic to form dough into a tight 2" cylinder or square. Freeze until firm enough to slice, about 1 hour.Place a rack in middle of oven and preheat to 350°. Using a serrated knife, slice dough about ¼" thick and place on parchment-lined baking sheets, spacing ½" apart. Bake crackers until edges and bottoms are golden brown, 30–35 minutes. Let cool on baking sheet.Do Ahead: Dough can be made 1 day ahead; keep frozen. Crackers can be baked 4 days ahead; store airtight at room temperature. "\t"Shaved Kohlrabi with Smashed Avocado Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 servings2 ripe avocados1 small green chile (such as serrano), finely grated1 oil-packed anchovy fillet, finely chopped1 ½-inch piece ginger, peeled, finely grated1 garlic clove, finely grated3 tablespoons coarsely chopped cilantro leaves with tender stems1 teaspoon finely grated lime zest¼ cup fresh lime juice, dividedKosher salt4 medium kohlrabi, peeled, very thinly sliced2 tablespoons avocado or grapeseed oil4 soft-boiled eggs, halved|  Preparation Using a fork, coarsely mash avocados, chile, anchovy, ginger, garlic, cilantro, 2 Tbsp lime juice, and a generous pinch of salt in a medium bowl.Toss kohlrabi, oil, lime zest, remaining 2 Tbsp lime juice, and a pinch of salt in another medium bowl.Divide smashed avocado mixture among bowls. Arrange kohlrabi mixture and eggs around avocado and serve. "\t"Super-Seedy Gluten-Free Bread Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes one 8x5" loaf¾ cup steel-cut oats1 cup plus ¼ cup buttermilk, divided1 cup teff flour½ cup flaxseeds½ cup raw sunflower seeds½ cup roasted, unsalted almonds, coarsely chopped½ cup roasted, unsalted pumpkin seeds (pepitas)½ cup walnuts, coarsely chopped¼ cup flaxseed meal (or grind ¼ cup flaxseeds in a spice mill)¼ cup whole psyllium husks2 tablespoons chia seeds1 tablespoon Diamond Crystal or 1¾ teaspoons Morton kosher salt3 tablespoons pure maple syrup1 teaspoon instant or active dry yeast¼ cup olive oil|  Preparation Mix oats and 1 cup buttermilk in a small bowl. Chill overnight to rehydrate oats.Whisk teff flour, flaxseeds, sunflower seeds, almonds, pepitas, walnuts, flaxseed meal, psyllium husks, chia seeds, and salt in a large bowl.Combine maple syrup and 1 cup warm (not hot, ideally about 100°) water in a small bowl. Sprinkle yeast over and let stand until yeast is beginning to foam and smells bready (if it doesn’t foam after 10 minutes, get new yeast). Stir into dry ingredients along with oil and remaining ¼ cup buttermilk. Add rehydrated oats and stir until combined (if using old-fashioned oats, add them along with 1 cup buttermilk).Cover bowl with plastic wrap and let rise in a warm spot until dough has puffed slightly (it won’t rise like non-gluten-free dough, but if you poke your finger into it, it should feel less dense than before) and there may be some subtle cracks across surface of dough, 1¼–1½ hours.Stir dough gently to deflate, then transfer to an 8x5" loaf pan (dough should reach to about the top of pan and this is fine!). Cover with plastic wrap and let dough rise again until domed slightly, 1–1¼ hours.Preheat oven to 350°. Bake bread until top is dark brown and springs back when pressed and an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center registers 190°, 60–75 minutes. Let cool in pan slightly before slicing.Do Ahead: Bread can be made 2 days ahead. Let cool, then wrap in plastic and chill, or freeze up to 2 months. "\t"Crispy Peppercorn Chicken Wings Recipe | Bon Appetit|2 tablespoons black peppercorns2 tablespoons Diamond Crystal or 1 tablespoon Morton kosher salt1 tablespoon ground coriander1 tablespoon ground cumin1½ teaspoons garam masala or Chinese five-spice powder½ teaspoon baking soda½ teaspoon sugar3 pounds chicken wings, flats and drumettes separated, patted dry with paper towels2 tablespoons olive oil2 scallions1 lime|  Place peppercorns in the center of a large rimmed baking sheet. Crush peppercorns with bottom of a saucepan, working a few peppercorns at a time and pressing down firmly until you can hear and feel the crunch of peppercorns breaking apart. Transfer to a large bowl.Cover sheet you just used with a double layer of foil; set aside.Add salt, coriander, cumin, garam masala, baking soda, and sugar to bowl with peppercorns and mix with your hands to make sure all spices are intermingled.Add chicken wings and oil and toss with your hands until wings are evenly coated.Arrange wings on prepared sheet, spacing evenly apart. Chill, uncovered, at least 1 hour and up to 1 day.Remove wings from refrigerator and let sit until they’ve lost the chill of the fridge and are as close to room temperature as possible, at least 15 minutes. Meanwhile, place racks in the top third and center of oven; preheat to 425°. You’re going to bake and then broil the wings so they get extra crispy. If your broiler is in a drawer beneath your oven, ignore the part about the top rack.Bake wings on center rack, removing sheet halfway through and turning wings over with a pair of tongs, until browned and crisp in spots and cooked through, 30–40 minutes.Remove baking sheet from oven and turn on broiler; let heat at least 5 minutes. Broil wings on top rack (or in drawer) until browned and crisp all over and nubs on ends of drumettes are just a little charred, 3–4 minutes. Remove from oven and turn wings again.LEARN HOW TO UNLOCK YOUR BROILER’S FULL MELTY, CRISPY POTENTIALBroil until second side looks as crisp and lightly charred as the first, about 3 minutes. Let rest about 5 minutes.While the wings are resting, thinly slice scallions and cut lime into wedges.Arrange wings on a platter and scatter scallions over. Serve with lime wedges alongside. "\t"Overnight Oats with Cashews, Seeds, and Turmeric Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 servings2 tablespoons ghee or olive oil2 tablespoons chopped raw cashews1 tablespoon pumpkin seeds (pepitas)1 tablespoon raw sunflower seeds1 teaspoon poppy seeds½ teaspoon fennel seeds, finely chopped½ teaspoon ground turmeric¼ teaspoon cayenne pepperKosher saltOvernight Oats1 cup plain whole-milk Greek yogurt2 tablespoons nutritional yeast|  Preparation Heat ghee in a small skillet over medium. Add cashews, pepitas, sunflower seeds, poppy seeds, fennel seeds, turmeric, and cayenne and cook, stirring constantly, until nuts are toasted and seeds are starting to pop, about 4 minutes. Remove from heat; season with salt.Divide oats and yogurt among bowls, spooning yogurt into centers. Sprinkle nutritional yeast over, then top with cashew mixture (drizzle with any leftover ghee, if desired).Do Ahead: Cashew mixture can be made 4 days ahead; cover and chill. Warm to re-liquefy ghee before serving. "\t"Devil’s Food Cupcakes Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes 24 Servings1 cup unsweetened cocoa powder (not Dutch-process)4 large eggs2 teaspoons vanilla extract2 cups cake flour1 cup granulated sugar1 cup (packed) light brown sugar2 teaspoons baking powder1½ teaspoons kosher salt1¼ teaspoons baking soda¾ cup (1½ sticks) unsalted butter, melted, cooled¾ cup buttermilk, room temperature2 tablespoons vegetable oil|  Preparation Arrange racks in lower and upper thirds of oven; preheat to 350°. Line two standard 12-cup muffin tins with cupcake liners.Whisk cocoa powder and ¾ cup hot water (or brewed coffee) in a small bowl until smooth; whisk in eggs and vanilla.Whisk flour, granulated sugar, brown sugar, baking powder, salt, and baking soda in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment. Add butter, buttermilk, and oil and beat on medium-low speed, scraping down sides of bowl, until flour is evenly distributed and mixture is smooth. Add cocoa powder mixture and beat just until smooth.Divide batter evenly among muffin cups, filling two-thirds full (a level ⅓ cup batter per cupcake). Bake, rotating pans halfway through, until cupcakes have domed and spring back when touched in the center, 20–25 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack and let cool.Do Ahead: Cupcakes can be made 1 day ahead. Store airtight at room temperature. "\t"Sriracha-Braised Brisket Sandwiches Recipe | Bon Appetit|1 5–6-pound brisket, first-cut, untrimmed2 tablespoons Diamond Crystal or 1 tablespoon Morton kosher salt2 tablespoons light brown sugar1 tablespoon ground cumin1 large onion, peeled, thinly sliced8 garlic cloves, crushed½ cup seasoned rice vinegar½ cup soy sauce2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce⅔ cup Sriracha, plus more for serving12 potato rolls, toasted|  Remove brisket from its packaging and pat dry with paper towels. Lay brisket flat on your cutting board so that one of the longer sides is closest to you and layer of white fat is facing down. Take a close look at the meat itself—you’ll notice that there are long “grains” (thread-like muscle fibers) running left to right across length of brisket. You are going to “slice against the grain,” which means positioning your knife blade perpendicular to the direction of the fibers, into 2"-wide pieces. You do this so that when you go to shred the meat at the end, the fibers don’t stretch a mile long and they’re a manageable length for sandwiches.HOW TO CUT MEAT AGAINST THE GRAINPlace brisket halves in a large bowl and sprinkle with salt, brown sugar, and cumin. Use your hands to really massage the meat and work in all the salt and spices so every little spot is coated. Get in there! Set brisket aside for a moment.Mix onion, garlic, vinegar, soy sauce, Worcestershire, ⅔ cup Sriracha, and 1 cup water in a large Dutch oven or stockpot.Using tongs, nestle brisket into pot so fattier sides are facing up and pieces fit together in a single layer. The meat should be barely submerged in liquid, so add a little more water if that’s not the case (depending on size of your pot).Bring to a simmer over medium heat, then reduce heat to achieve a very gentle simmer.Cover pot and cook brisket, peeking inside occasionally to make sure heat isn’t too high or low—you want a couple of areas in the pot to be gently bubbling. If bubbles are roiling all over the place, reduce heat. If you see no bubbles at all, increase slightly. If liquid drops below top of meat, add a little more water to keep barely submerged.After 2 hours, check meat for doneness. Poke a fork into a few pieces and twist the tines to see if the meat will easily separate into shreds. If not, that means it’s still tough. Keep cooking, checking again every 15 minutes or so. This could take up to an hour more.Turn off heat and position lid so that it’s cracked open a bit. Let brisket cool until no longer steaming hot, about 30–40 minutes. Cover and chill overnight.The next day, remove pot from refrigerator and uncover. There will be an layer of solidified orange fat on the surface (the color is from the Sriracha!). Using a fork, lift off fat in large pieces and discard.Reheat brisket in pot over low until meat is warmed all the way through, 30–40 minutes. Transfer meat to a rimmed baking sheet. If meat is too hot to touch, let cool for a few minutes until you can handle it.Using your fingers or 2 forks, separate muscle fibers into shreds and return to pot. Remove any pieces of fat and discard.Return pot to low heat and bring liquid to a gentle simmer, tossing meat with tongs to encourage it to soak up juices. Add more Sriracha to taste.Serve over toasted buns with even more Sriracha, if desired. "\t"Minestrone Soup with Acorn Squash Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 Servings¼ cup olive oil4 ounces sliced pastrami, cut into ¼-inch strips1 large onion, chopped1 teaspoon sambal oelek¾ acorn squash, cut into ¾-inch pieces, or 10 ounces pre-cubed butternut squashKosher salt, freshly ground pepper5 tomatoes from one 28-ounce can whole peeled tomatoes4 sprigs basil2 15-ounce cans butter beans, rinsed, drained|  Preparation Real Talk: Read between the lines and stay open to improvisation, and you’ll be able to make a hearty soup anytime, out of (almost) anything. In place of the pastrami, think of another cured meat that will crisp nicely (hello, bacon); the squash could be any root vegetable, really, and the beans are variable too.Heat oil in a large pot over medium-high. Cook pastrami, tossing occasionally, until just beginning to brown, about 3 minutes. Add onion and cook, stirring occasionally, until tender, 6–8 minutes. Stir in sambal oelek and cook until fragrant, about 1 minute. Add squash and cook, stirring occasionally, until just beginning to soften, about 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper.Add tomatoes, breaking into small pieces with a spoon, then stir in basil and 4 cups water. Reduce heat and simmer until squash is tender, 15–20 minutes. Discard basil. Add beans and cook until heated through, about 3 minutes. Season to taste.Do Ahead: Minestrone can be made 1 week ahead; cover and chill, or freeze up to 3 months. "\t"Chopped Liver Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 Servings3 large eggs5 tablespoons schmaltz (chicken fat) or unsalted butter, divided3 medium yellow onions, sliced2 tablespoons white wine vinegar1 pound chicken livers, rinsed, patted dryKosher salt, freshly ground pepper1 tablespoon prepared horseradish½ teaspoon garlic powder½ teaspoon mustard powder¼ teaspoon paprikaToasted rye bread and sliced red onion (for serving)Flaky sea salt|  Preparation Cook eggs in a saucepan of boiling water 10 minutes. Transfer to a bowl of ice water to cool. Peel eggs.Meanwhile, heat 3 Tbsp schmaltz in a large skillet over medium heat. Cook yellow onions, stirring often, until caramelized and very soft, 14–18 minutes. Add vinegar and toss to coat. Let cool. Wipe out skillet and reserve.Season livers with kosher salt and pepper. Heat remaining 2 Tbsp schmaltz in same skillet over medium-high. Cook livers until browned on both sides but still pink in center, about 2 minutes per side. Transfer to a plate and let cool.Pulse half of livers, half of cooked onions, and 1 ½ eggs in a food processor just until a coarse purée forms. Transfer to a medium bowl. Repeat with remaining livers, onions, and eggs. Stir horseradish, garlic powder, mustard, and paprika into chopped liver; season with kosher salt and pepper.Serve chopped liver on bread topped with red onion and seasoned with sea salt and pepper.Do Ahead: Chopped liver can be made 3 days ahead. Cover and chill. "\t"No-Cook Peach Mousse Recipe | Bon Appetit|¼ cup chilled bourbon1 packet unflavored powdered gelatin1 pound ripe peaches (about 4 medium), or 12 ounces frozen sliced peaches, thawed, plus 2 more peaches for garnish⅔ cup plus ¼ cup peach or apricot jam¼ cup mint leaves, plus sprigs for serving3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, divided1½ cups cold heavy creamPinch of kosher salt|  Pour ¼ cup bourbon into a small saucepan and sprinkle gelatin over. Let soak to soften gelatin, about 10 minutes.WAIT, WHAT IS GELATIN, ANYWAYS?Meanwhile, score skins of 1 lb. peaches with a sharp knife in a large “X” pattern on pointy (non-stem) end and place in a colander in sink. (If you’re using frozen peaches, skip this and proceed with step 5.)Heat a kettle (or saucepan) full of water until water boils, then pour over peaches to loosen skin. Rinse peaches in cold water.Slip blade of a paring knife underneath loosened cross-hatched peach skin and peel back to remove. If peels are stubbornly stuck, use a vegetable peeler. Cut peaches into wedges; discard pits.Blend peach flesh, ⅔ cup jam, ¼ cup mint leaves, and 2 Tbsp lemon juice in a blender on highest speed until smooth. Leave blender jar on the base because you’re about to come back to it.Gently heat saucepan with gelatin mixture over low, swirling, just until granules dissolve and mixture is translucent. Don’t blast the heat because this can destroy the setting power of the gelatin and it might ignite the bourbon! Keep it low.Stream gelatin mixture into blender with the motor on low speed.Transfer peach mixture to a large bowl and chill in freezer, stirring with a spatula every 5 minutes, until mixture is thick enough that you can see the bottom of bowl as you stir (be sure to scrape against sides and bottom of bowl with spatula where mixture has become more solid), 15–20 minutes total. As it cools, gelatin will start to set and mixture will thicken.While peach mixture hangs out in freezer, whip 1½ cups cream and a pinch of salt in another large bowl with a whisk. You can do this in a mixer, but in a large bowl starting with cold cream, it should only take a few minutes by hand. Work in a vigorous figure-eight pattern, switching hands if needed, until cream firmly holds marks of whisk and gently slumps into a soft, cloud-like peak as it falls off whisk. Chill cream as you wait for peach mixture to thicken.WANT TO MAKE PERFECT WHIPPED CREAM EVERY TIME? WE GOT YOU.When peach mixture is ready, place it next to bowl of whipped cream on your work surface. Whisk about one-third of cream into peach mixture until incorporated.Scrape peachy cream back into bowl with plain cream. Using spatula, fold it all together until barely any streaks remain. At this point you want to work fairly quickly so cream doesn’t deflate and mousse stays nice and light.Spoon mixture into serving glasses, cover loosely with plastic wrap, and chill until gelatin is completely set, at least 4 hours.About 15 minutes before serving, slice 2 peaches into thin wedges and toss in a medium bowl with remaining ¼ cup jam and 1 Tbsp lemon juice.Spoon peach wedges and their jammy juices over set mousse and garnish with mint sprig.Do Ahead: Mousse can be made 2 days ahead. Keep covered and chill. "\t"Halibut Foil Packs with Chile Butter Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 Servings1 1-pound skinless, boneless halibut fillet, cut crosswise into 4 equal piecesKosher salt, freshly ground pepper12 ounces baby bok choy, quartered (halved if very small)½ medium onion, thinly sliced1 garlic clove, finely chopped¼ cup (½ stick) unsalted butter, room temperature1 tablespoon ancho chile powder2½ teaspoons Dijon mustard1 teaspoon white wine vinegarSpecial EquipmentFour 12" sheets of foil|  Preparation Real Talk: Halibut is a firm-fleshed, flaky white fish. If you can’t find it, use something similar, like cod, hake, or salmon (not white, but texturally similar). If you use a thinner fish (like flounder), you’ll have to reduce the cook time; check it after 6–7 minutes.Pat halibut dry with paper towels; season with salt and pepper. Chill, uncovered, 30 minutes.Meanwhile, preheat oven to 450°. Cook bok choy in a large pot of boiling salted water until bright green but still very firm, about 1 minute. Transfer to a paper towel-lined rimmed baking sheet to drain. Cook onion in same pot of boiling salted water until heated through, about 30 seconds; transfer to same sheet.Mix garlic, butter, chile powder, mustard, vinegar, and ½ tsp salt in a small bowl until combined.Lay out four 12" sheets of foil. Divide bok choy among sheets; top each with a piece of halibut and a schmear of ancho butter. Top with onions. Fold edges up and over to create packets; pinch seams closed. Transfer packets to a rimmed baking sheet and bake until fish has cooked through (remove 1 packet, carefully unwrap, then press fish with your finger; it should easily flake apart), 8–10 minutes. Remove from oven and let sit unopened 2 minutes to steam.Divide fish and vegetables among plates, then pour juices over. "\t"Sea Dog Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 to 6 Servings1 pound skinless, boneless cod fillet, cut crosswise into 8 stripsKosher salt, freshly ground black pepper1 cup all-purpose flour1 cup cornstarch1 tablespoon Old Bay seasoning2 teaspoons baking powder1 teaspoon sweet paprika½ teaspoon garlic powder½ teaspoon onion powder¼ teaspoon baking soda¼ teaspoon cayenne pepper12 ounces pale ale3 tablespoons malt or cider vinegarVegetable oil (for frying; about 3 quarts)8 New England–style split-top hot dog buns4 tablespoons unsalted butter, room temperatureTartar Sauce, shredded lettuce, and lemon wedges (for serving)Special EquipmentA deep-fry thermometer|  Preparation Lightly season cod with salt and black pepper. Transfer to a wire rack set inside a rimmed baking sheet. Chill, uncovered, at least 1 hour or up to overnight (this air-dries the surface so the batter will adhere better to the fish).Whisk flour, cornstarch, Old Bay, baking powder, paprika, garlic powder, onion powder, baking soda, cayenne, 2½ tsp salt, and ½ tsp black pepper in a medium bowl. Add beer and vinegar and whisk just until combined and no lumps remain.Fit a large heavy pot with thermometer; pour in oil to a depth of 3". Heat over medium-high until thermometer registers 375°. Working in batches, dip fish into batter, allowing excess batter to drip back into bowl. Lower carefully into oil and fry until light golden brown and just cooked through, 3–4 minutes. Transfer to paper towels to drain.Heat a large skillet over medium. Spread bottom and sides of each bun with butter. Toast buns, pressing down lightly, until golden, about 2 minutes per side.Generously spread some tartar sauce in each bun; top with lettuce and a fried fish fillet. Serve with lemon wedges and additional tartar sauce alongside. "\t"Chicken Salad Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 servings4 skin-on, bone-in chicken thighs (about 1½ pounds total)Kosher salt2 teaspoons mustard seeds1 teaspoon fennel seeds1 bunch scallions3 small cucumbers (such as Persian or kirby)1 bunch small radishes (such as red, Easter Egg, or icicle), trimmed1 kohlrabi or ½ fennel bulb, 4-inch piece daikon, 1 watermelon radish, or 1 medium beet, trimmed3 tablespoons (or more) red wine vinegarHandful of salted pita chips, lightly crushed (for serving)|  Preparation Heat a medium heavy skillet, preferably cast iron, over medium.Meanwhile, place chicken thighs, skin side down, on a work surface. Using a paring knife and working one at a time, cut a ½"-deep slash on both sides of thigh bone. This will help the thighs cook a little more quickly and evenly. If there is excess skin extending beyond thigh meat, trim and add to skillet to render. (If you don’t have any extra chicken fat, a drizzle of olive oil, 1 tsp schmaltz, or 1 tsp coconut oil can be used to grease pan.)Season chicken on both sides with salt and sprinkle with mustard and fennel seeds, patting to adhere. Cook chicken, skin side down, in pan, without turning, until skin is very deeply browned and crisp and chicken is about 75% cooked through, 18–20 minutes. The goal during this stage is to allow the chicken skin to render most of its fat, which you can’t really rush. Some seeds will end up sizzling in the pan instead of staying stuck to the chicken, which is fine and flavors the oil. If it looks or smells like they’re burning, though, skim them out with spoon. Turn chicken and cook on second side until just cooked through, 3–4 minutes longer. Transfer to a platter and let rest 10 minutes.While chicken is cooking and/or resting, cut scallions crosswise into ½" pieces; you can go most of the way up to the dark green tips. Cut cucumbers into 1" pieces. Slice radishes and kohlrabi thin enough to be flexible but still crunchy (use a mandoline if you have one, but they should not be paper thin, or else they’ll get floppy when dressed). Transfer vegetables to a salad bowl you’re planning to serve from and add vinegar and a pinch of salt; toss to combine.Cut chicken into 2 long strips by cutting along both sides of the bone. (If your knife blade is dull, use a serrated knife, which will saw through the skin without separating it from the flesh.) Slice off whatever meat is attached to the topside and underside of bone. Cut chicken crosswise into 1½–2" pieces.Gently toss warm chicken and pita chips into bowl with vegetables. Taste salad and season with more vinegar and/or salt, as needed. "\t"Cheddar–Walnut Scones Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes 12 Servings½ cup walnuts1½ cups whole wheat flour2 tablespoons sugar4½ teaspoons baking powder1½ teaspoons kosher salt1½ cups all-purpose flour, plus more for surface½ cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, chilled, cut into pieces6 ounces aged sharp cheddar, coarsely grated1¾ cups chilled heavy cream, plus more for brushingFlaky sea saltApple Butter (for serving)|  Preparation Preheat oven to 350°. Toast walnuts on a rimmed baking sheet, tossing once, until golden brown and fragrant, 7–10 minutes. Let cool, then chop.Whisk whole wheat flour, sugar, baking powder, kosher salt, and 1½ cups all-purpose flour in a large bowl. Add butter and toss to coat. Using your fingers, work butter into dry ingredients until pieces are pea-size. Add cheese and walnuts and toss to coat. Drizzle 1¾ cups cream over and mix with a wooden spoon until dough just begins to come together.Turn out dough and any loose flour onto a lightly floured work surface. Briefly knead to bring dough together. Roll dough to ¾" thick (the shape doesn’t matter). Using a bench scraper to help lift dough, fold in half and rotate 90°. Roll to ¾" thick, fold in half, and rotate again. Repeat process 2 more times for a total of 4 folds, lightly dusting with more flour as needed; this will create lots of flaky layers. Flatten dough to a ¾"-thick rectangle, about 10x7". Chill, uncovered, at least 1 hour.Preheat oven to 425°. Trim dough to 9x6", then halve lengthwise. Cut each half into thirds crosswise to form six 3" squares. Halve each on a diagonal (you should have 12 triangles).Transfer dough to a parchment-lined rimmed baking sheet. Brush with cream and sprinkle with sea salt. Bake scones, rotating sheet halfway through, until tops are golden brown, 16–18 minutes. Transfer scones to a wire rack and let cool. Serve with Apple Butter.Do Ahead: Dough can be made 1 day ahead; wrap tightly and chill. Scones, without brushing, can be made 1 day ahead; store in an airtight container or tightly wrapped at room temperature. "\t"Classic Tartar Sauce Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes 2 cups1 small shallot, finely chopped1 garlic clove, finely grated1 cup mayonnaise2 tablespoons finely chopped caper berries or capers2 tablespoons finely chopped pickles1 tablespoon finely chopped chives1 tablespoon finely chopped parsley1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice1 teaspoon Dijon mustard1 teaspoon whole grain mustardKosher salt, freshly ground pepper|  Preparation Whisk shallot, garlic, mayonnaise, caper berries, pickles, chives, parsley, lemon juice, Dijon mustard, and whole grain mustard in a small bowl until combined. Season with salt and pepper.Do Ahead: Tartar sauce can be made 1 week ahead. Cover and chill. "\t"Quick Aleppo Dill Pickles Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 8 Servings8 Persian cucumbers, quartered lengthwise¼ cup coarsely chopped fresh dill2½ cups distilled white vinegar⅓ cup sugar1 garlic clove, finely grated1 tablespoon Aleppo pepper1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice1 tablespoon kosher salt1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepperZa’atar and flaky sea salt (for serving)Ingredient InfoZa’atar, a Middle Eastern spice blend that includes sumac, herbs, and sesame seeds, can be found at Middle Eastern markets, specialty foods stores, and online.|  Preparation Pack cucumber and dill into a large heatproof jar. Bring vinegar, sugar, garlic, Aleppo pepper, lemon juice, kosher salt, red pepper flakes, and black pepper to a boil in a medium saucepan, stirring to dissolve sugar. Let cool slightly, then pour brine over cucumbers to submerge. Seal jar and chill at least 30 minutes.To serve, remove cucumber spears from brine, lightly shaking off excess liquid but leaving on any seasonings; sprinkle with za’atar and sea salt.Do Ahead: Cucumber can be made 2 days ahead. Remove from brine (do not dry) and chill in an airtight container. "\t"Pão de Queijo (Brazilian Cheese Bread) Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes about 18½ cup whole milk¼ cup (½ stick) unsalted butter1½ teaspoons kosher salt2 cups tapioca flour2 large eggs5 ounces fresh farmer's cheese, crumbled (about 1 cup)2 ounces crumbled Parmesan (about ½ cup)|  Preparation Arrange a rack in center of oven; preheat to 425°. Heat milk, butter, salt, and ¼ cup water in a large saucepan over medium-high, stirring occasionally, until butter is melted and mixture begins to boil, about 4 minutes. Remove from heat and add flour; vigorously stir with a wooden spoon until dough is dry and shaggy, about 10 seconds. Transfer to the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment or a large bowl. Let cool 5 minutes.Beat mixture on low speed just until dough starts to come together, about 30 seconds (alternatively, vigorously stir with a wooden spoon). Add eggs, one at a time, and continue to beat on low speed until incorporated (dough will look broken at first, then come together). Continue to beat on low speed until dough is smooth, sticky, and somewhat stretchy; do not overbeat or dough will lose its stretch. Add farmer cheese and Parmesan and beat on low speed until evenly distributed.Using a 1⅓-oz. ice cream scoop, portion dough and transfer to a parchment-lined rimmed baking sheet, spacing about 2" apart (alternatively, form dough into ping pong ball-sized pieces with your hands).Bake 5 minutes, then reduce oven temperature to 350° and continue to bake until pão are very light brown, with some darker brown speckles all over (that’s the cheese), and sound hollow when tapped on the bottom, 20−25 minutes. Let cool 10 minutes before serving. "\t"White Cupcakes Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes 24 Servings3¼ cups cake flour1¾ cups sugar1 tablespoon baking powder1 teaspoon kosher salt½ teaspoon baking soda1 cup (2 sticks) unsalted butter, room temperature1 cup buttermilk, room temperature2 tablespoons vegetable oil5 large egg whites1 large egg2 teaspoons vanilla extract1 teaspoon almond extract (optional)|  Preparation Arrange racks in lower and upper thirds of oven; preheat to 350°. Line two standard 12-cup muffin tins with cupcake liners.Whisk flour, sugar, baking powder, salt, and baking soda in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment. Add butter, buttermilk, and oil; beat on medium speed, scraping down sides of bowl, until smooth.Whisk egg whites, egg, vanilla extract, and almond extract, if using, in a medium bowl until smooth. Add egg mixture to flour mixture in 2 additions, beating well between additions. Continue to beat on medium speed until mixture is homogenous and very thick, about 2 minutes.Divide batter evenly among muffin cups, filling two-thirds full (a level ⅓ cup batter per cupcake). Bake, rotating pans halfway through, until cupcakes have domed and spring back when touched in the center, 20–25 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack and let cool.Do Ahead: Cupcakes can be made 1 day ahead. Store airtight at room temperature. "\t"Hermit Slices Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes about 24Nonstick vegetable cooking spray1½ cups all-purpose flour2 teaspoons ground cinnamon¾ teaspoon kosher salt½ teaspoon baking soda½ teaspoon ground ginger½ teaspoon ground nutmeg¾ cup (packed) light brown sugar11 tablespoons unsalted butter, room temperature, divided1 large egg¼ cup light (unsulphured) molasses1 teaspoon vanilla extract1 cup walnuts, coarsely chopped⅓ cup raisins¼ cup powdered sugar|  Preparation Preheat oven to 350°. Line a 13x9x2" baking dish with 2 layers of parchment paper or foil, leaving a generous overhang on long sides. Lightly coat with nonstick spray.Whisk flour, cinnamon, salt, baking soda, ginger, and nutmeg in a medium bowl.Using an electric mixer on medium-high speed, beat brown sugar and 10 Tbsp butter in a large bowl, scraping down sides occasionally, until pale and fluffy, about 4 minutes. Add egg and continue to beat, scraping down sides once or twice, until incorporated and smooth, about 2 minutes. Add molasses and vanilla and beat until combined. Add dry ingredients and mix on low speed until just blended. Add walnuts and raisins and mix with a large spoon until no spots of flour remain.Transfer dough to prepared baking dish, spreading evenly across bottom. Bake until top springs back slightly and is slightly darker and edges are firm, 20–30 minutes.Meanwhile, melt remaining 1 Tbsp butter in a small saucepan over medium heat. Cook, swirling occasionally, until butter foams, then browns, about 4 minutes. Whisk in powdered sugar and 1 Tbsp water to form a smooth glaze. Brush over hermits and let cool completely. Using parchment overhang, carefully remove hermits and cut into 3½x1½" bars.Do Ahead: Hermits, without glaze, can be made 2 months ahead; store airtight and freeze. "\t"Best Oatmeal-Raisin Cookies Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes 24 cookies2 cups old-fashioned oats1 cup pecans, chopped1 cup all-purpose flour1 teaspoon kosher salt½ teaspoon baking soda½ teaspoon ground cinnamon⅛ teaspoon freshly ground nutmeg¾ cup (1½ sticks) unsalted butter, room temperature¾ cup (packed) light brown sugar¼ cup granulated sugar1 large egg, room temperature2 tablespoons pure maple syrup2 teaspoons vanilla extract or paste1 cup raisins, dried sour cherries, and/or dried cranberries|  Preparation Preheat oven to 425°. Spread oats on a rimmed baking sheet and toast until lightly golden, about 6 minutes. Add pecans, toss to combine, and continue toasting until pecans are fragrant and oats are deep golden brown, about 6 minutes more. Let cool sightly.Whisk flour, salt, baking soda, cinnamon, and nutmeg in a medium bowl; stir in oats and pecans.Using an electric mixer on medium speed, beat butter, brown sugar, and granulated sugar in a large bowl, scraping down sides of bowl, until light and fluffy, 3–4 minutes. Add egg, syrup, and vanilla and beat until incorporated, about 1 minute. Reduce speed to low; add dry ingredients and raisins and continue to beat, scraping down sides and bottom of bowl, until just combined. Let sit at room temperature at least 1 hour to hydrate oatmeal.Preheat oven to 350°. Line 2 rimmed baking sheets with parchment paper. Using a 2-oz. ice cream scoop, portion cookies and place on sheets, spacing 3" apart (or measure out mounded scoops with a ¼-cup measuring cup). Do not flatten; cookies will spread as they bake.Bake cookies, rotating sheets halfway through, until edges are golden brown and firm but centers are soft, 15–17 minutes. Let sit on sheets 10 minutes, then transfer to wire racks; let cool.Do Ahead: Cookie dough can be made 3 days ahead; cover and chill. Let dough come to room temperature before baking. "\t"Mezcal-Marinated Fajitas Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 servings2 canned chipotle chiles in adobo, smashed4 garlic cloves, finely grated½ cup fresh lime juice½ cup mezcal¼ cup fish sauce¼ cup fresh orange juice¼ cup soy sauce2 teaspoons dried oregano, preferably Mexican1 teaspoon cumin1 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more1½ pounds skirt steak1 large white onion, halved, sliced ⅓ inch thick6 tablespoons olive oil, dividedFreshly ground black pepper1 medium green bell pepper, ribs and seeds removed, sliced ⅓ inch thick1 medium red bell pepper, ribs and seeds removed, sliced ⅓ inch thickBacon-Fat Flour Tortillas or store-bought tortillas, sour cream, grated cheddar, Pico de Gallo, BA’s Best Guacamole, and Roasted Tomato–Cashew Salsa (for serving)|  Preparation Whisk chiles, garlic, lime juice, mezcal, fish sauce, orange juice, soy sauce, oregano, cumin, and 1 tsp salt in a medium bowl. Place steak in a resealable plastic bag and pour in marinade. Seal and turn to coat. Chill at least 1 hour and up to 8 hours.Prepare a gas grill for 2-zone heat; set one burner at medium-high and one or two burners at high. Alternatively, prepare a charcoal grill for high heat. Grill steak over high heat, turning occasionally, until charred, 2–3 minutes per side for medium-rare. Transfer to a cutting board and let rest 10 minutes. Slice against the grain into ½"-thick strips.Toss onions and 3 Tbsp oil in a medium bowl to coat; season with salt and black pepper. (If you have a perforated grill pan, now’s the time to pull it out!) Grill over medium-high heat, tossing occasionally, until charred and tender, 6–10 minutes. Transfer to a large plate.Toss bell peppers and remaining 3 Tbsp oil in a medium bowl to coat; season with salt and black pepper. Grill over medium-high heat, tossing occasionally, until charred and tender, 6–10 minutes. Arrange on plate next to onions.Serve steak and grilled onions and bell peppers with tortillas, sour cream, cheese, pico de gallo, guacamole, and salsa alongside for assembling fajitas. "\t"Best Poached Chicken Recipe Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 servings4 skinless, boneless chicken breasts (about 2¼ pounds)3 medium carrots, peeled, cut into 1½-inch irregular pieces1 head of garlic, split crosswise1 tablespoon Diamond Crystal or 1¾ teaspoons Morton kosher salt⅔ cup dill fronds, divided1 tablespoon fresh lemon juiceFreshly ground black pepperOlive oil (for drizzling)|  Preparation Bring chicken, carrots, garlic, salt, ⅓ cup dill, and 5 cups water to a bare simmer in a medium pot over medium heat. (It will take some time for the liquid to come to a simmer...be patient. If you rush it, the chicken will be tough.) Once liquid begins to simmer, reduce heat to low and cook until juices run clear when thickest part of chicken is pierced, 10–12 minutes.Meanwhile, coarsely chop remaining ⅓ cup dill. Remove pan from heat and stir in lemon juice; pick out and discard dill. Transfer chicken and garlic to a cutting board and let cool slightly. Smash garlic using the side of a chef’s knife and stir back into poaching liquid. Cut chicken crosswise into thin slices.Divide chicken among bowls. Pour some of the poaching liquid over chicken, then top with chopped dill, pepper, and a drizzle of oil.Do Ahead: Chicken can be poached 2 days ahead. Let chicken and broth cool separately. Wrap chicken and transfer broth to an airtight container; chill. "\t"Scallion Pancakes Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes 8 ServingsPancakes2½ cups all-purpose flour, plus more for surfaceKosher salt1 tablespoon toasted sesame oil⅓ cup chicken fat, warmed, or vegetable oil2 bunches scallions, thinly sliced (about 2 cups)8 tablespoons vegetable oil, divided, plus more for brushingSauce3 tablespoons rice wine vinegar2 tablespoons soy sauce1 teaspoon chili oil½ teaspoon sugar¼ teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes|  Preparation PancakesWhisk 2½ cups flour and 1 tsp salt in a large bowl. Mix in sesame oil and 1 cup boiling water with a wooden spoon until a shaggy dough forms.Turn out dough onto a lightly floured surface and knead, adding flour as needed to prevent sticking, until dough is smooth, about 5 minutes. Cover with plastic wrap; let rest at room temperature 1 hour.Divide dough into 8 pieces. Working with one at a time, roll out on a lightly floured work surface as thin as possible (each should be approximately 10" in diameter). Brush about 2 tsp chicken fat on dough and top with about ¼ cup scallions; season with salt. Roll dough away from you (like a jelly roll) into a thin cylinder, then, starting at 1 end, wind roll onto itself to create a coil (like a cinnamon roll). Cover with plastic wrap and repeat with remaining dough. Let rest at room temperature 15 minutes.Working with 1 coil at a time, roll out on a lightly floured surface to a 5" round (keep other coils covered). Repeat with remaining dough and stack as you go, separating with parchment or lightly greased foil brushed with vegetable oil.Heat 1 Tbsp vegetable oil in a medium skillet over medium-low. Working with one at a time, cook pancake, turning frequently to prevent scallions from burning, until golden brown and crisp on both sides and cooked through, 8–10 minutes. Transfer pancakes to a wire rack and let rest about 5 minutes before cutting into wedges.SauceWhisk vinegar, soy sauce, chili oil, sugar, and red pepper flakes in a small bowl until sugar is dissolved. Serve alongside pancakes for dipping. "\t"Spicy Pasta with Shrimp and Tomatoes Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 Servings¼ cup olive oil1 pound large shrimp (about 20), peeled, deveined, divided12 ounces fideo, vermicelli, or angel hair pasta, broken into 3-inch pieces1 medium red onion, chopped3 tablespoons fish sauce2 teaspoons sambal oelek1½ cups canned whole peeled tomatoes (about 10 tomatoes), plus purée¼ cup parsley, choppedKosher salt, freshly ground pepperLime wedges (for serving)|  Preparation Real Talk: If you really, really, truly don’t have time to cook and want to shave off 15 minutes of prep time, buy cleaned and deveined shrimp. Boom. You are so welcome.Heat oil in a large pot over high. Cook half of shrimp until lightly browned and just cooked through, about 1 minute per side; transfer to a plate with a slotted spoon. Repeat with remaining shrimp; set aside.Reduce heat to medium-high and cook pasta, stirring to coat in oil, until noodles begin to brown and smell toasted, about 4 minutes. Add onion and cook, stirring occasionally, until onion is just tender, about 4 minutes. Add fish sauce and sambal oelek and cook, stirring, until sambal turns brick red, about 1 minute. Add tomatoes, breaking up with a spoon, then stir in 3 cups water. Bring to a boil, then reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer until pasta is tender and coated with sauce, about 10 minutes. Stir in parsley; season with salt and pepper.Transfer pasta mixture to a serving platter; top with shrimp. Serve with lime wedges alongside. "\t"Caramel Corn Popcorn Balls Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes about 14 ServingsNonstick vegetable oil spray8 cups popped popcorn (from ½ cup kernels)⅔ cup coarsely chopped smoked almonds1 cup sugar¼ cup (½ stick) unsalted butter, cut into pieces1 cup mini marshmallows4 teaspoons finely chopped rosemary1½ teaspoons kosher salt⅛ teaspoon cayenne pepper (optional)¼ teaspoon baking soda|  Preparation Lightly coat a large nonreactive bowl with nonstick spray. Add popcorn and almonds and toss to combine.Combine sugar, butter, and ¼ cup water in a medium saucepan. Bring to a boil, stirring to completely dissolve sugar. Once sugar is dissolved and mixture is clear, cook, without stirring, until mixture begins to caramelize in spots, about 3 minutes. Continue to cook, stirring occasionally with a heatproof spatula to ensure even caramelization, until caramel is light amber, about 4 minutes.Using heatproof spatula, stir in marshmallows, rosemary, salt, and cayenne, if using. Cook, stirring occasionally, until caramel is smooth, about 1 minute.Remove from heat and stir in baking soda (mixture will bubble). Immediately pour over popcorn mixture and toss with 2 heatproof spatulas (the caramel will become very stretchy, with lots of thin webs of sticky stuff). Spray hands with nonstick spray and form popcorn mixture into 2" balls (you should have about 14 balls). Transfer to a rimmed baking sheet and let sit at least 30 minutes before serving.Do Ahead: Popcorn balls can be made 5 days ahead. Cover and store at room temperature. "\t"Vanilla Cream Cheese Frosting Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes enough for 24 cupcakes Servings8 ounces cream cheese, room temperature6 tablespoons unsalted butter, room temperature1 teaspoon kosher salt2 cups powdered sugar1 tablespoon vanilla extract|  Preparation Using an electric mixer on medium-low speed, beat cream cheese, butter, and salt in a large bowl until smooth. Add powdered sugar and beat on low speed until incorporated, then increase speed to medium and beat until light and fluffy, about 2 minutes. Scrape down sides of bowl, then beat in vanilla. Spread frosting on cupcakes. "\t"Green Bean Salad Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 8 servings2 pounds green beans, rinsed, stem end trimmedKosher salt½ cup olive oil4 garlic cloves, thinly sliced2 medium shallots, finely chopped1 cup blanched hazelnuts or almonds, chopped¾ cup dried cranberries2 teaspoons honey½ cup apple cider vinegarFreshly ground black pepper|  Preparation Real Talk: The only way to get your garlic chips golden brown and really crispy (you know, kind of like potato chips.....but with garlic) is cooking them slowly in a lot of oil. Don’t be tempted to pull them out too fast—just let 'em go slow and you will be happy and your garlic will be happy that it’s not a mushy mess. And it’s not a waste: Save the garlic-infused oil and use it in vinaigrettes, to roast vegetables, or to sauté a pan of greens.Cook green beans in a large pot of boiling salted water until crisp-tender (they should be bright green but still very firm), 1–2 minutes. Here’s how you tell if they’re cooked: Pull one out and throw it into a large bowl filled with ice water; if you don’t like the texture, let them cook a few seconds longer. When they’re ready, transfer beans to ice bath to cool. Congrats, you just blanched veggies—go have a wine. Drain beans and transfer to paper towels; pat dry.Heat oil in a medium skillet over medium. Cook garlic until golden brown and crisp, 2–3 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer garlic chips to paper towels; set aside.Cook shallots and hazelnuts in same skillet over medium heat, stirring, until shallots are tender and hazelnuts are beginning to brown, 4–5 minutes. Scrape into a large bowl.Bring cranberries, honey, vinegar, and 1 Tbsp water to a simmer in same skillet and cook, stirring when you remember to, until cranberries are plump and jewel-toned, about 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Transfer to bowl with hazelnut mixture. Add those beautifully blanched beans and toss until coated. Let sit at room temperature at least 1 hour and up to 3—be patient, letting the flavors meld will yield the most applause from your guests. Add garlic chips and toss just before serving.Do Ahead: Bean salad, without garlic chips, can be made 8 hours ahead; cover and chill. Let come to room temperature before tossing with garlic chips. "\t"Malted Black and White Milkshake Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes 2 Servings1 pint vanilla ice cream6 tablespoons BA's Best Hot Fudge or prepared hot fudge, warmed¼ cup plus 1 tablespoon heavy cream3 tablespoons malted milk powderCrushed malted milk balls (for serving; optional but highly recommended)|  Preparation Place two 8-oz. glasses in freezer and chill 30 minutes.Let ice cream sit at room temperature 5–10 minutes to soften slightly.Meanwhile, mix fudge and 1 Tbsp cream in a small bowl until smooth, silky, and pourable.Scoop ice cream into a blender. Add malted milk powder and remaining ¼ cup cream and purée, stopping to tamp down ice cream as needed, until smooth but very thick (if you blend for too long, mixture will warm up and become soupy).Drizzle inside of each chilled glass with about 2 Tbsp fudge mixture so fudge is running down the sides and pooling in the bottom of the glass. Divide milkshake between glasses. Drizzle each with remaining fudge mixture, then sprinkle with malted milk balls, if using. "\t"Spiced Baby Eggplants Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 servings1 1-inch piece ginger, peeled, finely grated2 garlic cloves, finely grated1 teaspoon ground coriander1 teaspoon ground cumin½ teaspoon ground turmeric5 tablespoons olive oil, divided, plus more for serving1 teaspoon Kashmiri chili powder or sweet smoked paprika, plus more for serving1½ pounds Indian eggplants (about 12)Kosher saltRaita and coarsely chopped cilantro (for serving)|  Preparation Mix ginger, garlic, coriander, cumin, turmeric, 2 Tbsp oil, and 1 tsp chili powder in a small bowl.Quarter eggplants lengthwise through rounded bottom, stopping ½" short of the stem. Gently pry quarters open without detaching flesh from stem; season with salt. Spoon spice mix into each eggplant, making sure inside flesh is coated.Heat 3 Tbsp oil in a large skillet, preferably nonstick, over medium-high. Cook eggplants in a single layer, turning occasionally, until golden brown all over, 8–10 minutes total. Reduce heat to low and add ¼ cup water. Cover and cook, turning eggplants halfway through, until tender, 12–16 minutes.Spoon raita on a platter. Arrange eggplants over, then top with cilantro. Sprinkle with more chili powder and drizzle with oil. "\t"Grilled Shrimp Lettuce Cups Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 servings1 small shallot, finely chopped1 5-inch lemongrass stalk, tough outer layers removed, finely chopped (about 2 tablespoons)1 Thai chile, thinly sliced½ cup fresh lime juice½ cup fresh orange juice2 teaspoons finely chopped peeled ginger1 teaspoon (or more) kosher salt1 pound large shrimp, peeled, deveined, tails removed2 teaspoons toasted sesame oilCooked white rice, Little Gem lettuce leaves, sliced cucumber or julienned carrot, lime wedges, mint or basil sprigs, and toasted sesame seeds (for serving)|  Preparation Whisk shallot, lemongrass, chile, lime juice, orange juice, ginger, and salt in a small bowl. Reserve half of marinade for serving; cover and leave at room temperature until ready to use. Pour remaining marinade over shrimp in a medium bowl and toss to coat. Cover and chill 30 minutes.Prepare a grill for medium-high heat. Grill shrimp until lightly charred and cooked through, 1–2 minutes per side. Transfer shrimp to a large bowl and toss with sesame oil; season with salt, if needed.Serve shrimp with rice, lettuce, cucumber or carrot, lime wedges, mint or basil, sesame seeds, and reserved marinade for making lettuce cups. "\t"Grilled Pimiento Cheese Sandwiches with Apple–Cherry Chutney Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 Servings2 tablespoons olive oil, plus more for brushing1 Granny Smith apple, peeled, cored, cut into ¼-inch pieces¼ medium red onion, choppedKosher salt, freshly ground pepper1 teaspoon sambal oelek½ teaspoon ancho chili powder3 whole peeled tomatoes (from one 28-ounce can)⅓ cup dried sour cherries¼ cup mayonnaise8 slices whole wheat or white bread1⅓ cups pimiento cheese spread, divided|  Preparation <u>Real Talk</u>: The secret grilled cheese ingredient is mayonnaise. It will get the outside of this sandwich perfectly browned and insanely toasty. If you really hate mayo (we know there are some of you out there), use room-temperature butter instead.Heat 2 Tbsp oil in a medium skillet over medium-high. Cook apple (which lends sweet and sour flavors to the chutney) and onion, stirring occasionally, until soft and lightly browned, 6–8 minutes; season with salt and pepper. Stir in sambal oelek and chili powder and cook until fragrant, about 1 minute. Add tomatoes and cook, breaking up with a spoon, until beginning to darken and juices have evaporated, about 4 minutes. Add cherries and ½ cup water, season with salt and pepper, and cook, stirring, until thick and jammy, 5–7 minutes. Transfer to a serving bowl; set aside.Meanwhile, spread mayonnaise on 1 side of each slice of bread. Turn 4 slices mayonnaise side down, then evenly spread about ⅓ cup pimiento cheese on plain side. Top with 4 remaining bread slices, mayonnaise side up.Brush a medium skillet with oil and heat over medium. Cook 2 sandwiches until golden brown on both sides, about 3 minutes per side. Brush skillet with oil and repeat with remaining sandwiches.Cut sandwiches in half and serve with chutney alongside for dippage purposes.Do Ahead: Chutney can be made 1 week ahead; cover and chill, or freeze 1 month. "\t"Summer Gazpacho Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 Servings½ English hothouse cucumber, peeled, seeded½ large red bell pepper, stemmed, seeded2 pounds very ripe red tomatoes, preferably heirloom, cut into ½-inch wedges, 3 tablespoons seeds reserved½ large shallot, chopped1 garlic clove, finely grated2 tablespoons (or more) sherry or red wine vinegarFlaky sea salt3 tablespoons olive oil, plus more for drizzlingQuartered cherry tomatoes, chopped chives, and grilled or toasted country-style bread (for serving)|  Preparation Cut 2" of the cucumber into ¼" pieces and set aside for serving; coarsely chop remaining cucumber and place in a large bowl. Cut one-quarter of the bell pepper into ¼" pieces and set aside for serving; coarsely chop remaining bell pepper and add to bowl with chopped cucumber. Add tomatoes to bowl and toss with shallot, garlic, 2 Tbsp vinegar, and 1 Tbsp salt. Let stand 30 minutes at room temperature to let flavors meld.Transfer tomato mixture along with any accumulated juices to a blender. Add 3 Tbsp oil and purée on medium speed until smooth; season with salt and vinegar, if desired. Strain through a coarse-mesh sieve into a large bowl or pitcher and chill until cool, about 1 hour.Divide gazpacho among bowls. Top with cherry tomatoes, chives, reserved cucumber and red pepper pieces, and tomato seeds; drizzle with oil and season with salt. Serve with bread alongside.Do Ahead: Gazpacho can be made 1 day ahead; cover and chill. "\t"Chocolate Soy Vegan Ice Cream Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes 1 quart4 ounces vegan, soy lecithin-free, dark chocolate, chopped1 pound silken tofu½ cup plus 2 tablespoons organic or granulated sugar3 tablespoons unsweetened cocoa powder½ teaspoon kosher salt1 vanilla bean, split lengthwise¾ cup virgin coconut oil, melted, cooled slightlySpecial EquipmentAn ice cream maker|  Preparation Heat chocolate in a heatproof bowl set over a saucepan of barely simmering water (bowl should not touch water), stirring, until melted. Remove from heat and let sit, stirring occasionally, until cool, 10–15 minutes.Transfer melted chocolate to a blender. Add tofu, sugar, cocoa powder, and salt. Scrape in seeds from vanilla bean; reserve pod for another use. Purée until smooth, about 15 seconds. With the motor running on medium speed, slowly stream in oil and purée until thick and creamy, being careful not to overblend or mixture will curdle.Immediately process tofu mixture in ice cream maker according to manufacturer’s directions. (Head’s up: this will take longer than a traditional dairy-based custard to reach soft-serve consistency.) Do not chill before processing or oil will harden into tiny bits and texture will be grainy.Transfer to an airtight container and press plastic wrap directly onto surface. Freeze until firm, at least 4 hours.Do Ahead: Ice cream can be made 1 month ahead; keep frozen. "\t"Curry-Poached Chicken Recipe Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 servings8 scallions (about 1 bunch), divided4 skinless, boneless chicken breasts (about 2¼ pounds)3 garlic cloves, smashed1 3-inch piece ginger, peeled, smashed to pieces, thinly sliced2 tablespoons mild curry powder1 tablespoon Diamond Crystal or 1¾ teaspoons Morton kosher salt, divided, plus moreJuice from 1 orange (about ¼ cup)Juice from 1 lime (about 2 tablespoons)Freshly ground black pepperWarm jasmine rice (for serving)|  Preparation Coarsely chop 4 scallions and transfer to a medium pot. Add chicken, garlic, ginger, curry powder, 2½ tsp salt, and 4 cups water. Slowly bring to a bare simmer over medium heat. Once liquid begins to simmer, reduce heat to low and cook until juices run clear when thickest part of chicken is pierced, 10–12 minutes.Meanwhile, thinly slice remaining scallions. Whisk orange juice and lime juice in a small bowl; season with salt and 8 turns of a pepper mill, or about ¾ tsp (you want a lot of pepper!).Transfer chicken to a cutting board and let cool slightly. Strain poaching liquid through a fine-mesh sieve into a small bowl. Cut chicken crosswise into thin slices.Divide rice and chicken among bowls and top with sliced scallions. Spoon poaching liquid and some of the citrus juice over chicken and rice before serving.Do Ahead: Chicken can be poached 2 days ahead. Let chicken and curry cool separately. Wrap chicken and transfer curry to an airtight container; chill. "\t"Spiced Cranberry Apple Relish Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes 1¼ quarts8 oranges1 pound fresh cranberries2 large apples, peeled, cored, thinly sliced (about 3 cups)1½ cups sugarFinely grated peel of 1 lemonFinely grated peel of 1 orangeFresh juice of 1 orange plus enough water to yield 1 cup1 2" cinnamon stick|  Preparation To make the orange cups, cut blossom end from orange about ⅓–½ the distance from the top. Carefully ream out juice or cut out meat with curved grapefruit knife. Then scrape clean with a large spoon. Edges may be notched with kitchen shears or paring knife; for scalloped (rounded) edges, use coin to outline pattern, then cut around pattern.Wash and pick over cranberries. Combine cranberries, apples, sugar, lemon peel, orange peel, orange juice, and cinnamon in saucepan; bring to a boil, stirring until sugar dissolves. Boil rapidly until cranberry skins pop and apples are transparent, 5–8 minutes. Transfer to a medium bowl and let cool, then cover and chill thoroughly. Remove cinnamon stick before serving. "\t"Brown Butter Corn Flake Cake Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 8 servings5 large ears of corn, husked, kernels cut from cobs (about 5 cups)1½ cups (3 sticks) unsalted butter, plus more for pan½ cup cornmeal, preferably fine-grind, plus more for pan1½ cups all-purpose flour1¾ teaspoons kosher salt1½ teaspoons baking powder1½ cups (packed) dark brown sugar⅓ cup granulated sugar3 large eggs1 tablespoon vanilla extract2 cups Corn Flakes|  Preparation Place a rack in middle of oven; preheat to 475°. Line a rimmed baking sheet with foil and spread out corn kernels on baking sheet. Roast, tossing halfway through, until slightly dried and beginning to brown around the edges, about 20 minutes. Let sit until cool enough to handle. Transfer to a food processor and pulse until finely chopped and only a few whole kernels remain.Meanwhile, cook 1½ cups butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat, stirring often, until butter foams, then browns, 8–10 minutes. Transfer brown butter to a large bowl; let cool slightly.Reduce oven temperature to 350°. Butter a 13x9" baking pan, then dust with cornmeal. Whisk flour, salt, baking powder, and remaining ½ cup cornmeal in a medium bowl.Add brown sugar and granulated sugar to brown butter. Using an electric mixer on medium speed, beat just to incorporate the sugar, about 1 minute. Add eggs and vanilla and beat on high speed until light and creamy, about 4 minutes (this may seem like a long time, but it's necessary to get a thick cake). Reduce speed to low; add corn and beat to evenly distribute. Add dry ingredients and beat, occasionally scraping sides and bottom of bowl, just until combined. Scrape batter into prepared pan. Evenly scatter Corn Flakes over batter.Bake cake until Corn Flakes are lightly toasted on edges and a tester inserted into the center comes out clean, 35–45 minutes. Let cool before serving.Do Ahead: Cake can be made 1 day ahead. Wrap with plastic and store at room temperature. "\t"Sesame Tempeh Slaw Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes 1 Servings2 tablespoons soy sauce1 tablespoon fresh lime juice1 tablespoon mirin1 tablespoon toasted sesame oil½ teaspoon freshly grated ginger4 ounces tempeh, crumbledShredded cabbage, sliced carrot, sliced cucumber, sliced radish, cilantro leaves, and mint leaves (for serving)|  Preparation Combine soy sauce, lime juice, mirin, sesame oil, and ginger in a resealable plastic bag. Add tempeh, seal, and lightly shake to coat. Chill at least 3 hours.Place cabbage in a medium bowl. Arrange tempeh, carrot, cucumber, and radish over cabbage. Drizzle with remaining marinade and top with cilantro and mint.Do Ahead: Tempeh can be marinated 1 day ahead. Cover and chill. "\t"Adult "SpaghettiOs" Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 to 6 Servings2 28-ounce cans whole peeled tomatoes¼ cup panko (Japanese breadcrumbs)1 tablespoon coarsely grated Parmesan, plus more for serving½ teaspoon dried oregano¼ teaspoon garlic powder¼ teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, plus moreKosher salt1 large egg, beaten to blend5 tablespoons heavy cream1 pound ground beef chuck (20% fat)2 tablespoons olive oil½ medium onion, finely chopped1 large garlic clove, finely gratedFreshly ground black pepper2 tablespoons tomato paste2 teaspoons sweet paprika1 tablespoon sugar4 large sprigs basil12 ounces anelletti, ditalini, or other short tubular pasta|  Preparation Purée tomatoes in a food processor until mostly smooth; there should still be some dime-sized pieces remaining. Set aside.Whisk panko, cheese, oregano, garlic powder, ¼ tsp red pepper flakes, and 1½ tsp salt in a medium bowl. Whisk in egg and cream. Add beef and mix with your hands until just combined, being careful not to overwork (if packed too firmly, meatballs will be dense). Form into 1"-diameter balls (you should have about 24); transfer to a plate.Heat oil in a large skillet, preferably cast iron, over medium-high. Cook meatballs, turning occasionally, until lightly browned on all sides but not fully cooked through, about 5 minutes. Transfer to another plate.Cook onion and garlic in same skillet, stirring occasionally, until onion is translucent and begins to soften, about 5 minutes; season with salt and pepper. Add tomato paste and cook until brick red, about 1 minute. Add paprika and a pinch of red pepper flakes and cook until fragrant, about 1 minute. Add sugar, basil, and reserved tomato purée. Reduce heat and simmer until sauce is slightly reduced and flavors have melded, about 20 minutes. Add meatballs and any accumulated juices; continue to cook until meatballs are cooked through, 5–10 minutes.Meanwhile, cook pasta in a large pot of boiling salted water, stirring occasionally, until al dente. Drain and return to pasta pot. Pour sauce and meatballs over pasta and stir to combine. Transfer to a platter and top with cheese. "\t"Oysters Casino Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 Servings8–12 slices bacon½ cup butter, divided⅓ cup chopped green pepper2 tablespoons chopped chives4 tablespoons chopped parsley24 oysters on the half shellRock saltFresh lemon juice|  Preparation Place strips of bacon in a cold skillet and cook them over low heat just until fat is transparent. Remove from pan and cut each strip into 1" diamonds (you’ll need one piece of bacon to top each oyster). Add 2 Tbsp butter to the skillet and heat over medium. Add green pepper and cook gently until barely soft. Transfer green pepper to a small bowl and mix with chives and parsley, then blend thoroughly with remaining butter.Preheat oven to 450°. Arrange oysters on beds of rock salt (put rock salt in pie plates or in a long, shallow baking tin); dampen salt slightly. Top each oyster with a spoonful of butter mixture, a piece of bacon, and a few drops of lemon juice. Bake until bacon is crisp and oysters are thoroughly heated, 5–10 minutes. "\t"Shaved Squash Salad Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 servings1 garlic clove, finely grated1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest¼ cup fresh lemon juice1 teaspoon Dijon mustard1 teaspoon sugar¾ teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes⅓ cup plus 2 tablespoons olive oil1 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more1 pint mixed heirloom cherry tomatoes, halved1½ pounds mixed summer squash, such as zucchini, yellow crookneck, and/or pattypan4 ounces ricotta salata, shavedTorn basil leaves and chopped chives (for serving)|  Preparation Whisk garlic, lemon zest, lemon juice, mustard, sugar, red pepper, ⅓ cup oil, and 1 tsp salt in a small bowl until salt and sugar dissolve.Toss tomatoes and remaining 2 Tbsp oil in a medium bowl; season with salt.Thinly shave squash on a mandoline or with a very sharp knife, some lengthwise, making long ribbons, and some crosswise, making thin rounds.Arrange squash on plates so ribbons curl and twist. Spoon tomato mixture over. Drizzle with dressing, then top with ricotta salata, basil, and chives. "\t"The Swing State Cocktail Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 2 Servings4 ounces overproof bourbon, such as Old Grand-Dad 114 Proof Bourbon, divided2 ounces sweet vermouth, such as Atsby Armadillo Cake, divided1 ounce fresh orange juice, divided½ ounce fresh lemon juice, divided½ ounce simple syrup, divided6 dashes Peychaud’s bitters, divided8 ounces lager, such as YuenglingSmall orange wedges (for garnish)American flags and patriotic straws (for serving; optional)|  Preparation Fill a gallon-sized, resealable plastic bag with about 4 cups ice cubes. Using a rolling pin, crack (don’t crush) ice. You can also do this by wrapping a clean kitchen towel around the cubes and smacking them, but be prepared for ice shards to escape out the sides.Fill 2 pint glasses with cracked ice. Combine 2 oz. bourbon, 1 oz. vermouth, ½ oz. orange juice, ¼ oz. lemon juice, ¼ oz. simple syrup, and 3 dashes bitters in a cocktail shaker. Fill shaker with cracked ice, cover, and shake vigorously until outside of shaker is very cold, about 20 seconds. Pour into prepared glass. Repeat with remaining 2 oz. bourbon, 1 oz. vermouth, ½ oz. orange juice, ¼ oz. lemon juice, ¼ oz. simple syrup, and 3 dashes bitters. Top with lager and more ice. Garnish with orange wedges; serve with American flags and patriotic straws, if desired. "\t"Creamy Corn Chowder Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 8 Servings8 ears of corn2 Parmesan rinds (about 4 ounces; optional)4 ounces shiitake mushrooms, stems removed and reserved, caps cut into ¼-inch pieces2 sprigs thyme1 bay leafKosher salt5 tablespoons unsalted butter, room temperature, dividedFreshly ground black pepper¼ cup dry white wine4 ounces thick-cut bacon, cut into ¼-inch pieces1 pound russet potatoes, peeled, cut into ½-inch pieces3 shallots, thinly sliced1 medium leek, white and pale-green parts only, quartered lengthwise, thinly sliced2 garlic cloves, finely grated2 Fresno chiles, seeded, finely chopped2 tablespoons all-purpose flour2 cups heavy cream1 tablespoon chopped marjoramChopped parsley and crushed oyster crackers (for serving)|  Preparation Cut kernels from cobs and place in a large bowl. Place cobs in a medium pot and add Parmesan rinds, if using, mushroom stems, thyme, bay leaf, 2 tsp salt, and 8 cups water. Bring to a boil, then reduce heat to medium-low and simmer, stirring occasionally, until broth is fragrant and reduced by half, 40–50 minutes. Strain through a fine-mesh sieve into a medium bowl; discard solids and set broth aside.Meanwhile, heat 4 Tbsp butter in a large heavy pot over medium-high. Add corn kernels, season generously with salt and pepper, and cook, stirring occasionally, until corn is tender and juices have evaporated and browned on the bottom of the pot, 12–15 minutes. Reserve ½ cup corn for serving; transfer remaining corn to a medium bowl.Add wine to pot and cook, scraping up browned bits, until liquid is syrupy, about 2 minutes. Scrape into bowl with remaining corn.Heat remaining 1 Tbsp butter in same pot over medium and cook bacon until golden brown and fat has rendered, about 6 minutes. Add potatoes, shallots, leek, garlic, and chopped mushrooms and cook, stirring occasionally, until vegetables have softened but haven’t taken on any color, 12–15 minutes. Add chiles and cook until fragrant and softened, about 3 minutes. Stir in flour and cook until nutty and fragrant, about 1 minute. Add reserved broth, bring to a boil, and cook, stirring occasionally, until potatoes are fork-tender, 10–15 minutes. Add cream and corn mixture and cook, stirring, until chowder has thickened, 5–10 minutes. Remove from heat and stir in marjoram. Let sit 15 minutes before serving.Divide chowder among bowls. Top with parsley, oyster crackers, and reserved ½ cup corn; season with pepper. "\t"Hard Cider Gravy Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes about 1 quart½ cup plus 2 tablespoons schmaltz (chicken fat) or butter¾ cup all-purpose flour1 medium onion, sliced1 large leek, pale-green and white parts only, sliced2 large stalks celery, sliced2 garlic cloves, smashedKosher salt, freshly ground pepper1 cup hard cider, such as Angry Orchard8 cups homemade turkey stock or low-sodium chicken brothChopped chives (for serving)|  Preparation Real Talk: Homemade stock is always better—but of course, boxed stock is always easier. Such hard decisions!! But if you’re trying to up your cooking game, stock is super simple to make at home, you waste less, and you can freeze it for any time you may need it. You decide.Melt ½ cup schmaltz in a small skillet over medium-high heat. Add flour and cook, stirring constantly, until roux (which is what you get whenever you cook fat and flour together) is golden and smells nutty, 2–4 minutes; scrape into a heatproof bowl (roux will continue to darken as it sits, so don’t write us angry emails if that happens).Heat remaining 2 Tbsp schmaltz in a medium saucepan over medium-high. Cook onion, leek, celery, and garlic, stirring occasionally, until vegetables are deep golden brown and caramelized, 10–12 minutes; season with salt and pepper. Take a swig of cider, add 1 cup, and cook until reduced by half, about 4 minutes. Add stock and simmer until slightly reduced and flavors have melded and everything’s smelling really good, about 30 minutes. Strain infused stock through a fine-mesh sieve into a large bowl, pressing on solids to extract as much liquid as possible; discard solids.Return stock to saucepan and bring to a boil. Add roux and cook, whisking constantly, until gravy is the consistency of heavy cream and smooth and, well, looks like gravy, about 5 minutes. Top with chives before serving.Do Ahead: Gravy can be made 3 days ahead. Cover and chill. "\t"Chocolate Cashew Vegan Ice Cream Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes 1 quart1 vanilla bean, split lengthwise1 cup raw cashews4 ounces vegan, soy lecithin-free, dark chocolate, chopped½ cup plus 2 tablespoons organic or granulated sugar3 tablespoons unsweetened cocoa powder½ teaspoon kosher salt1 cup virgin coconut oil, melted, cooled slightlySpecial EquipmentAn ice cream maker|  Preparation Place vanilla bean and cashews in a large bowl and add 2 cups boiling water. Cover and let sit at room temperature at least 12 hours (hydrating the cashews thoroughly is key for a silky, smooth ice cream).Heat chocolate in a heatproof bowl set over a saucepan of barely simmering water (bowl should not touch water), stirring, until melted. Remove from heat and let sit, stirring occasionally, until cool, 10–15 minutes.Transfer melted chocolate and cashews and their soaking liquid to a blender. Scrape in seeds from vanilla bean; discard pod. Add sugar, cocoa powder, and salt. Purée until smooth, about 30 seconds. With the motor running on medium speed, slowly stream in oil and purée until thick and creamy.Immediately process cashew mixture in ice cream maker according to manufacturer’s directions. (Head’s up: this will take longer than a traditional dairy-based custard to reach soft-serve consistency.) Do not chill before processing or oil will harden into tiny bits and texture will be grainy.Transfer to an airtight container and press plastic wrap directly onto surface. Freeze until firm, at least 4 hours.Do Ahead: Cashews can be soaked 3 days ahead; cover and chill. Ice cream can be made 1 month ahead; keep frozen. "\t"Ochazuke (Japanese Steeped Rice) Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 servings2 cups warm sushi rice, dividedKosher salt3 tablespoons neutral oil¼ cup white soy sauce or 3 tablespoons regular soy sauce, plus more for brushing4 large eggs10 ounces mature spinach (about 1 bunch), trimmed½ cup green tea, such as hojicha, genmaicha, or unro6 scallions, dark-green parts only, very thinly sliced crosswisePickled ginger, furikake seasoning or toasted sesame seeds, and shredded toasted nori (for serving)1 dried shiitake mushroom (optional)|  Preparation Scoop ½ cup rice onto a clean surface. Dampen your hands in a small bowl of salted water (this will prevent the rice from sticking to them and season them slightly). Firmly compress rice into a tight ball, then press down on surface to gently flatten to a 2½–3" round. Repeat with remaining rice to form 4 rice cakes.Heat oil in a large skillet, preferably nonstick, over medium-high. Brush one side of rice cakes with soy sauce. Cook, soy sauce side down, until edges are golden brown and crisp, 5–6 minutes. Brush tops of rice cakes with soy sauce. Turn and cook remaining side until golden brown and crisp, another 5–6 minutes. Remove from heat.Meanwhile, pour water into a large saucepan to a depth of 2". Bring to a boil, then reduce heat so water is at a gentle simmer. Crack an egg into a small bowl, then gently slide egg into simmering water. Repeat with remaining eggs, waiting until whites of eggs in water are opaque before adding the next (about 30 seconds apart). Poach, shaping with a slotted spoon if needed, until whites are set but yolks are still runny, about 3 minutes. Using slotted spoon, transfer eggs to paper towels as they are done.Add spinach to saucepan and cook until just wilted, 20–30 seconds. Drain; let cool slightly, then squeeze out excess water with your hands.Heat 3 cups water in a small saucepan over high until right when water starts to steam (an instant-read thermometer will register 172°). Add tea and let steep 2 minutes. Strain through a fine-mesh sieve into a small bowl; discard solids. Stir in remaining ¼ cup soy sauce.Divide rice cakes, spinach, and eggs among bowls. Pour tea mixture over, then top with scallions, pickled ginger, furikake, and nori. Finely grate mushroom over with a microplane just before serving, if using. "\t"Pasta with No-Cook Tomato Sauce Recipe | Bon Appetit|1½ pounds tomatoes, any shape (larger than cherry), preferably slightly overripe so they feel like full water balloons1 garlic clove2 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into small pieces4 teaspoons red wine vinegar½ teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes¼ cup olive oil, plus more for drizzling4 ounces finely grated Parmesan (about 1 cup), dividedKosher salt12 ounces strand pasta, such as bucatini, spaghetti, or linguini1 cup basil leaves, torn|  Cut tomatoes in half through the equator (in other words, not through the core, but across the midline). Hold halves in your palms and gently squeeze over a bowl to squeeze out seeds and surrounding juice/jelly.HOW TO GET THE SEEDS OUT OF TOMATOESCasually and imperfectly chop seeded tomatoes so you have some pieces that are very small and some pieces that are a bit larger, but everything should be smaller than an acorn.Transfer tomatoes to a large bowl and mash mixture several times with the back of a large spoon or potato masher to release more juices (you can also just use your hands).Finely grate garlic into bowl with tomatoes with a microplane or fine grater, then add butter, vinegar, red pepper, ¼ cup oil, and half of Parmesan. Season with several pinches of salt, then toss with a large spoon to combine.Cover bowl with plastic and let sit at room temperature at least 30 minutes and up to 5 hours. This lets the flavors marry and tomato juices exude (because we want a saucy pasta).Bring a large pot of water to a boil (4–6 qt.) and add a small fistful of salt. Cook pasta until al dente (follow package instructions).As soon as pasta is ready, use tongs to transfer noodles to bowl with tomatoes and TOSS TOSS TOSS. You want the hot pasta to melt the cheese and butter, which will thicken the sauce.Taste pasta and season with more salt, if needed, then toss in basil.Using tongs, portion pasta into shallow bowls, then spoon remaining tomatoes and juices over.Top with remaining 2 oz. Parmesan, then drizzle with oil. "\t"Grilled Pork Tenderloin Sandwiches Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 servingsBasil-Chive Aioli1 oil-packed anchovy filletKosher salt1 cup mayonnaise3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice2 garlic cloves, finely grated¼ cup chopped basil, plus more for serving2 tablespoons chopped chives, plus more for servingFreshly ground black pepperPork and Assembly2 tablespoons fennel seeds1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes2 tablespoons Diamond Crystal or 3½ teaspoons Morton kosher salt, plus more2 pork tenderloins (about 1½ pounds each)Vegetable oil (for grill)1 ciabatta loaf, halved lengthwise6 cups mature arugula leaves with tender stemsTorn basil leaves, chopped chives, and lemon wedges (for serving)Special EquipmentA spice mill or mortar and pestle|  Preparation Basil-Chive AioliUsing the flat side of a knife, smash anchovy and ½ tsp salt on a cutting board until a paste forms. Scrape into a medium bowl. Add mayonnaise, lemon juice, garlic, ¼ cup basil, and 2 Tbsp chives and whisk to combine. Season with salt and pepper; cover and chill until ready to serve.Do Ahead: Aioli can be made 1 day ahead. Keep chilled.Pork and AssemblyGrind fennel seeds and red pepper in spice mill or with mortar and pestle until coarsely ground. Transfer to a small bowl. Mix in 2 Tbsp salt. Rub mixture all over pork and let sit, uncovered, 1 hour, or chill up to 8.Prepare a grill for medium heat; thoroughly clean grates and brush with oil. Grill pork, turning every 4 minutes, until lightly charred on all sides and an instant-read thermometer inserted into the center of the loin registers 130°, 15–20 minutes. Let rest 10 minutes, then cut into very thin slices.Grill bread halves on both sides until lightly charred and warmed through, about 1 minute per side.Spread about ½ cup aioli over cut sides of both bread halves. Layer arugula over, then top with sliced pork, basil, chives, and a squeeze of lemon. Serve any remaining aioli alongside. "\t"BA's Best Piña Colada Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes 4 Servings½ fresh pineapple, peeled, cut into 1½-inch pieces6 ounces sweetened cream of coconut (preferably Coco López)2 ounces unsweetened coconut milk8 ounces white rum2 tablespoons fresh lime juice2 ounces dark rum (optional)Maraschino cherries and lime wedges (for serving)|  Preparation Place pineapple pieces in a resealable plastic bag, laying them flat. Freeze until solid, at least 3 hours.Shake cream of coconut and coconut milk in their cans before measuring. Purée pineapple, cream of coconut, coconut milk, white rum, lime juice, and 3 cups ice (about 15 oz.) in a blender until smooth. Transfer blender cup to freezer and freeze until mixture is thickened (it should be the consistency of a milkshake), 25–35 minutes.Blend again until mixture is the perfect slushy frozen drink consistency. Divide among glasses. Top off each with ½ oz. dark rum, if using, and garnish each with a cherry and lime wedge.Do Ahead: Pineapple can be chopped 3 months ahead. Keep frozen. "\t"BA's Best Lemonade Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 Servings½ cup sugar3 lemons, zest removed in wide strips¾ cup fresh lemon juice (from about 3 lemons)Lemon slices (for serving)|  Preparation Bring sugar and ½ cup water to a boil in a medium saucepan, stirring occasionally, until sugar dissolves. Let cool 5 minutes. Add lemon zest and let sit 30 minutes to steep.Strain lemon syrup through a fine-mesh sieve into a pitcher; discard zest. Add lemon juice and 3 cups water and stir to combine.Serve lemonade over ice garnished with lemon slices. "\t"Swordfish Steaks with Cherry Tomatoes and Capers Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients  Servings4 tablespoons olive oil, divided1–2 1-inch-thick swordfish steaks (about 1½ pounds total)Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper½ small red onion, finely chopped4 oil-packed anchovy fillets, drained, finely chopped2 15-ounce can cherry tomatoes, drained2 tablespoons drained capers2 tablespoons Sherry vinegar or red wine vinegar2 tablespoons oregano leavesLemon wedges (for serving)|  Preparation ACTIVE: 15TOTAL: 30Heat broiler. Drizzle 2 Tbsp oil in a 2-qt. baking dish. Add swordfish steaks and turn to coat; season with salt and pepper.Toss onion, anchovies, tomatoes, capers, vinegar, and remaining 2 Tbsp oil in a medium bowl; season with salt and pepper and arrange around fish.Broil until fish is golden brown and tomatoes are starting to blister, 5–8 minutes. Turn fish and broil until fish is opaque throughout and tomatoes have burst and are blistered in spots, 5–7 minutes.Top with oregano and serve with lemon wedges for squeezing over. "\t"Falafel Fritters Recipe | Bon Appetit|2 15-ounce cans chickpeas, drained1 large egg2 tablespoons cornstarch2 teaspoons ground cumin¼ cup finely chopped parsley, plus 1 cup whole leaves with tender stems¾ cup plain whole-milk Greek yogurt, dividedKosher salt, freshly ground pepper1 medium red onion8 tablespoons olive oil, divided2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice (from about ½ lemon), plus wedges for serving4 Persian cucumbers or ½ English hothouse cucumber, cut into 1-inch irregular pieces|  Mix chickpeas, egg, cornstarch, cumin, ¼ cup chopped parsley, and ¼ cup yogurt in a large bowl. Generously season with salt and pepper.Finely chop half of onion and measure out ¼ cup. Add to bowl with chickpea mixture. Reserve other half for later.Using a potato masher, mash mixture until you’ve broken up almost all of the chickpeas and a thick, coarse paste forms. Some of the chickpeas can be left in larger pieces with a few left whole, but you want everything more or less mashed up.PLEASE GIVE THE POTATO MASHER THE LOVE IT DESERVESUsing your hands, a scoop, or a measuring cup, portion mixture into 16 more-or-less even balls (each ball should be a scant ¼ cup; don’t fill the measuring cup up all the way!). Roll each ball gently between your palms and transfer to a rimmed baking sheet or plate.Press down on balls with your palm to flatten to a ½"-thick patty. If mixture is super sticky and coats your hands, dampen your hands with a bit of cold water and try again.Heat a large skillet (preferably cast iron) over medium-high. Add 3 Tbsp oil and swirl skillet to coat. When oil is hot, add half of fritters, spacing evenly apart, and press down on top of each with a spatula to flatten into discs. Be careful as you do this because mixture is wet and may splatter.Cook fritters until dark golden brown and crisp on first side, 3–5 minutes. If you’re dealing with annoying oil splatter, reduce heat to medium. Slide a thin metal spatula underneath fritters and gently turn over.Cook fritters on second side until browned and crisp, 3–5 minutes. Transfer fritters to a plate or wire rack (if you have one).Repeat cooking process with 3 Tbsp oil and remaining fritters.Stir remaining ½ cup yogurt and 1 Tbsp lemon juice in a small bowl; season with salt and pepper.WE'RE JUST REALLY INTO YOGURT SAUCEThinly slice remaining red onion. Transfer to a large bowl, then add cucumbers and remaining 1 cup parsley, 1 Tbsp lemon juice, and 2 Tbsp oil. Season with salt and pepper, then toss gently to combine.Divide cucumber mixture and fritters among bowls. Spoon yogurt sauce alongside and serve with lemon wedges. "\t"Coffee Soy Vegan Ice Cream Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes 1 quart1 pound silken tofu½ cup plus 2 tablespoons organic or granulated sugar4 tablespoons instant espresso powder½ teaspoon kosher salt1 vanilla bean, split lengthwise¾ cup refined coconut oil, melted, cooled slightlySpecial EquipmentAn ice cream maker|  Preparation Place tofu, sugar, espresso powder, and salt in a blender. Scrape in seeds from vanilla bean; reserve pod for another use. Purée until smooth, about 15 seconds. With the motor running on medium speed, slowly stream in oil and purée until thick and creamy, being careful not overblend or mixture will break and curdle.Immediately process tofu mixture in ice cream maker according to manufacturer’s directions. (Head’s up: this will take longer than a traditional dairy-based custard to reach soft-serve consistency.) Do not chill before processing or oil will harden into tiny bits and texture will be grainy.Transfer to an airtight container and press plastic wrap directly onto surface. Freeze until firm, at least 4 hours.Do Ahead: Ice cream can be made 1 month ahead; keep frozen. "\t"Classic Spinach Salad Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 Servings1 medium shallot, thinly sliced¼ cup white wine vinegar¼ teaspoon crushed red chile flakes½ teaspoon sugar, plus moreKosher salt8 ounces thick-cut bacon, cut into ½-inch pieces1 pound shiitake mushrooms, stemmed, large caps torn into 1-inch pieces, small caps left whole1 garlic clove, smashedFreshly ground black pepper½ cup buttermilk½ cup sour cream¼ cup mayonnaise1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice½ teaspoon garlic powder½ teaspoon onion powder¼ cup finely chopped mixed herbs, such as basil, chives, and/or dill2 large bunches mature spinach, stemmed, torn into 2-inch pieces|  Preparation Combine shallot, vinegar, chile flakes, ½ tsp sugar, and ½ tsp salt in a small nonreactive bowl; let sit at room temperature until ready to use.Meanwhile, cook bacon in a large skillet over medium heat, stirring often, until fat has rendered and bacon is browned and crisp, 8–10 minutes. Transfer bacon to paper towels. Pour off 1 Tbsp fat; set aside for dressing.Return skillet to medium heat and add mushrooms and garlic to remaining bacon fat; season with salt and pepper. Cook, stirring occasionally, until mushrooms are golden brown, 6–8 minutes.Whisk buttermilk, sour cream, mayonnaise, lemon juice, garlic powder, onion powder, and reserved bacon fat in a medium bowl until smooth. Season with salt and pepper. Stir in herbs; cover and chill until cold, at least 30 minutes.Transfer shallot to a large bowl; discard vinegar mixture. Add spinach, dressing, bacon, and mushrooms and toss to coat. Divide salad among plates.Do Ahead: Dressing can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and chill. "\t"White Skillet Pizza with Spring Greens and an Egg Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes two 12" pizzas2 garlic cloves, finely grated⅓ cup olive oil12 ounces grated low-moisture mozzarella (about 3 cups)5½ ounces grated Fontina (about 2 cups)All-purpose flour (for dusting)1 pound 6 ounces store-bought pizza dough, halved, room temperatureCornmeal (for sprinkling)Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper3 spring onions, thinly sliced, divided4 ounces young broccoli rabe (about half a bunch), trimmed, divided, or 3 cups torn Tuscan kale or Swiss chard, divided8 oil-packed anchovy fillets (optional), divided2 large eggsFinely grated Parmesan (for serving)1½ teaspoons finely chopped oregano, divided1 lemon|  Preparation Place a rack in upper third of oven; preheat to 500°. Place a 12" cast-iron skillet in oven and preheat 10 minutes.Meanwhile, mix garlic and oil in a small bowl. Mix mozzarella and Fontina in a medium bowl.Using lightly floured hands, stretch 1 piece of dough out on a lightly floured surface to an 11" round.Remove skillet from oven and sprinkle pan with cornmeal (enough to cover most of the surface). Carefully set dough snugly in pan; it’s okay if some of the dough overlaps. Brush dough with garlic-oil (you won’t need all of it); season with salt and pepper. Top dough with 2 cups cheese mixture, half of spring onions, half of broccoli rabe, and 4 anchovies, if using. Top with another ½ cup cheese mixture; season with more pepper.Bake pizza until crust is beginning to turn golden and cheese is melted, 6–8 minutes. Crack 1 egg into center of pizza; season with salt. Continue to bake until whites are just set and crust is golden brown, 5–6 minutes.Transfer pizza to a cutting board and brush edges with more garlic-oil (reserve remaining garlic-oil for second pizza). Top pizza with Parmesan and half of oregano. Using a microplane, grate a little bit of lemon zest over top of pie.Sprinkle cast-iron pan with cornmeal and make a second pizza with remaining dough and toppings. "\t"Easy Sticky Rice Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 servings1 15-ounce can unsweetened coconut milk1½ cups Thai sweet rice, such as Three Rings3 tablespoons packed grated palm sugar (about 1.5 ounces), raw sugar, or brown sugar1¼ teaspoons kosher salt2 ripe Champagne or regular mangoes, cut into pieces, chilledToasted white sesame seeds, black sesame seeds, finely grated lime zest, and lime wedges (for serving)|  Preparation Pour coconut milk into a large measuring cup or medium bowl. Fill empty can with water and add to coconut milk, whisking to combine. Add rice, cover, and let sit at room temperature 8–12 hours (coconut cream will rise to the top as rice soaks; whisk to combine before straining). Strain rice through a fine-mesh sieve set over a bowl; reserve ¾ cup soaking liquid.Choose a large saucepan with a lid. Spread a clean kitchen towel on a work surface and place lid in the center, handle up. Tie 4 corners of towel together on top of lid (you’ve just turned the lid into a special airtight steam absorber that prevents the rice from getting gummy). Bring rice, sugar, salt, and reserved ¾ cup soaking liquid to a simmer in saucepan over medium-high heat, stirring to dissolve sugar. Reduce heat to low, cover, and cook until liquid is absorbed, 15–25 minutes—try not to lift the lid at all for the first 15 minutes. At the 15-minute mark, uncover and scrape a spoon against bottom of pan to make sure rice isn’t sticking and all liquid is gone. If there’s still liquid, replace lid and keep cooking. (Alternately, to use a rice cooker, combine rice, sugar, salt, and reserved ¾ cup soaking liquid in machine’s bowl and stir to dissolve sugar. Close lid and set cooker to “sweet rice” setting.)Remove from heat and let sit, covered, 15 minutes. Using a fork, break up rice (it will have taken shape of bottom of pan) and separate into smaller clumps; rice will be very sticky so it will not separate into individual grains.Divide warm rice among small bowls. Serve with mango alongside. Sprinkle with sesame seeds, then top with lime zest and a squeeze of lime juice. "\t"Colcannon Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 Servings5 medium Yukon Gold potatoes (about 1¾ pounds)Kosher salt6 tablespoons unsalted butter, divided2 leeks, white and pale-green parts only, sliced in half lengthwise, thinly sliced crosswise2 garlic cloves, thinly sliced2 cups (packed) shredded savoy cabbage (from about ¼ large head), divided1¼ cups milk½ cup heavy creamFreshly ground black pepper1 scallion, thinly sliced|  Preparation Cover potatoes with water in a small pot; season with salt. Bring to a boil over medium-high heat, then reduce heat and simmer until a paring knife slides easily through the flesh, 30–40 minutes. Drain, let cool slightly, and peel.Meanwhile, melt 4 Tbsp butter in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add leeks and cook, stirring frequently, until very soft, 8–10 minutes. Add garlic and cook, stirring frequently, until garlic is fragrant and leeks are just beginning to brown around the edges, about 3 minutes longer. Add 1 cup cabbage and cook, stirring constantly, until wilted. Add milk and cream and bring to a simmer.Add potatoes and remaining 1 cup cabbage, then coarsely mash with a potato masher. Season with salt and pepper.Transfer colcannon to a large serving bowl. Top with remaining 2 Tbsp butter and sprinkle with scallion. "\t"Coffee Cashew Vegan Ice Cream Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes 1 quart1 vanilla bean, split lengthwise1 cup raw cashews½ cup plus 2 tablespoons organic or granulated sugar4 tablespoons instant espresso powder½ teaspoon kosher salt1 cup refined coconut oil, melted, cooled slightlySpecial EquipmentAn ice cream maker|  Preparation Place vanilla bean and cashews in a large bowl and add 2 cups boiling water. Cover and let sit at room temperature at least 12 hours (hydrating the cashews thoroughly is key for a silky, smooth ice cream).Transfer cashews and their soaking liquid to a blender. Scrape in seeds from vanilla bean; discard pod. Add sugar, espresso powder, and salt. Purée until smooth, about 30 seconds. With the motor running on medium speed, slowly stream in oil and purée until thick and creamy.Immediately process cashew mixture in ice cream maker according to manufacturer’s directions. (Head’s up: this will take longer than a traditional dairy-based custard to reach soft-serve consistency.) Do not chill before processing or oil will harden into tiny bits and texture will be grainy.Transfer to an airtight container and press plastic wrap directly onto surface. Freeze until firm, at least 4 hours.Do Ahead: Cashews can be soaked 3 days ahead; cover and chill. Ice cream can be made 1 month ahead; keep frozen. "\t"Direwolf Bread Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes 1 large or 2 small loaves Servings1 cup all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting2 cups whole wheat flour1 cup rye or whole wheat flour2 tablespoons light brown sugar4 teaspoons baking powder1 teaspoon kosher salt½ teaspoon baking soda4 tablespoons (½ stick) unsalted butter, cut into pieces, room temperature, plus more, melted, for brushing1 cup dark Belgian ale (such as St Bernadetus quadruple ABT 12)1 cup buttermilk3 tablespoons fresh lemon juiceNonstick vegetable oil sprayBlack or white flaky sea salt1 pink peppercorn (optional)|  Preparation Preheat oven to 350°. Lightly dust a parchment-lined baking sheet with all-purpose flour.Whisk whole wheat flour, rye flour, brown sugar, baking powder, kosher salt, baking soda, and 1 cup all-purpose flour in a large bowl, breaking up brown sugar lumps with your fingers, until combined. Work in 4 Tbsp butter with your fingers until pea-size pieces remain. Make a well in the center and add beer, buttermilk, and lemon juice. Mix with a wooden spoon until a sticky dough forms and no streaks of flour remain.If using the wolf template, cut it out. Transfer dough to prepared pan. Using wet hands, pat dough to a 15x9" oval, making sure dough is smooth and an even thickness. Lightly spray back of template with nonstick spray and lightly dust with all-purpose flour. Place template, floured side down, over dough. Using a sharp paring knife, trace template with an up and down sawing motion, cleaning knife frequently with warm water to get a smoother cut. Gather scraps and pat into a small oval; transfer oval to another parchment-lined baking sheet.Brush loaves with melted butter and sprinkle with sea salt. Press 1 pink peppercorn into wolf dough (this will be the eye). Bake loaves, rotating sheets halfway through, until golden brown, 55–70 minutes. Let cool on sheets.If making a standard loaf, transfer dough to prepared pan. Using wet hands, pat dough to a 14x5" rectangle, making sure dough is smooth and an even thickness. Brush with melted butter and sprinkle with sea salt. Bake until golden brown, 55–70 minutes. Let cool in pan. "\t"Apple Butter Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes about 4 cups6 pounds mixed sweet and tart apples, unpeeled, uncored, chopped6 cups apple cider1 cup raw or granulated sugar1 3-inch cinnamon stick3 whole cloves½ teaspoon kosher salt1 tablespoon apple cider vinegar|  Preparation Bring apples, cider, sugar, cinnamon, cloves, and salt to a boil in a large wide pot. Cook over medium-high heat, stirring occasionally, until most of the liquid has evaporated and apples are very soft, 1–1½ hours.Discard cinnamon stick. Pass apple mixture through the fine disk of a food mill, or strain through a coarse-mesh sieve, pressing with a rubber spatula. Discard peel, seeds, and cloves.Preheat oven to 350°. Transfer apple mixture to a 13x9" baking pan and bake, stirring every 30 minutes, until reduced by half and very thick and dark amber, 1½–2 hours. Stir in vinegar; let cool in pan.Do Ahead: Apple butter can be made 1 month ahead; transfer to an airtight container and chill, or freeze up to 3 months. "\t"Protein-Packed Trail Mix Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes about 4½ cups1 15.5-ounce can chickpeas, rinsed2 tablespoons olive oil, dividedKosher salt, freshly ground pepper½ cup almonds½ cup cashews½ cup shelled pistachios¼ teaspoon cayenne pepper¼ teaspoon ground cardamom8 dried mission figs, halved4 dried Turkish figs, thinly sliced½ cup dried apricots⅓ cup dried mulberries¼ cup dried goji berries¼ cup golden raisins|  Preparation Preheat oven to 350º. Place chickpeas on a paper towel-lined rimmed baking sheet and let drain (you want to make sure they’re very dry). Discard paper towel and toss chickpeas with 1 Tbsp oil; generously season with salt and pepper. Roast chickpeas on baking sheet, tossing once halfway through, until crisp and golden brown, 50–60 minutes. Let cool.Meanwhile, toss almonds, cashews, and remaining 1 Tbsp oil on another rimmed baking sheet; season with salt (about 1 tsp) and toss again. Toast 8 minutes, then add pistachios and give pan a shake to combine. Continue to toast until cashews are golden and mixture is fragrant, 2–4 minutes.Transfer nuts to a medium bowl and toss with cayenne and cardamom while still hot. Mix in mission figs, Turkish figs, apricots, mulberries, goji berries, raisins, and salted chickpeas.Do Ahead: Trail mix can be made 3 days ahead. Cover and store in a dry place. "\t"Sour Cherry and Bacon Pizza Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes two 12-inch pizzas2 oil-packed anchovy fillets, drained, finely chopped2 garlic cloves, finely grated¾ cup whole milk ricotta1¾ teaspoons kosher salt¼ teaspoon freshly ground black pepper2½ ounces crumbled Parmesan, divided (about ½ cup)All-purpose flour (for dusting)1 pound, 6 ounces store-bought pizza dough, halved, room temperature½ pound thick-cut bacon, preferably smoked, cut into ¾-inch pieces3 cups torn Swiss chard or Tuscan kale, divided (from 1 bunch)1 cup fresh sour cherries, washed, pitted, or frozen sour cherries, thawed, drained (about 7 ounces)¼ cup pickled jalapeños, drained, divided8 ounces grated low-moisture mozzarella (about 2 packed cups), divided|  Preparation Place a rack in upper third of oven; preheat to 500°. Mix anchovies, garlic, ricotta, salt, pepper, and half of Parmesan in a small bowl.Cook bacon in a 12" cast-iron skillet over medium-high heat, stirring occasionally, until fat is rendered and bacon is golden brown and crispy, 7–9 minutes. Transfer to a paper towel-lined plate.While bacon is cooking, use lightly floured hands on a lightly floured surface to stretch 1 piece of dough to an 11" round.Drain all but a couple teaspoons of pan drippings into a small bowl. Heat pan over medium-high until fat begins to smoke, about 1 minute. Remove from heat, then carefully set dough snugly in hot pan; it’s okay if some overlaps. Dollop half of anchovy mixture over dough and smear to cover. Top with half of chard, half of cherries, half of jalapeños, and half of bacon. Sprinkle half of mozzarella and 2 Tbsp Parmesan over.Bake pizza until crust is golden brown and cheese is browned in spots, 10–12 minutes.Transfer pizza to a cutting board and lightly brush edges with some reserved bacon fat.Heat 2 tsp reserved bacon fat in pan over medium-high until it begins to smoke, about 3 minutes. Make a second pizza with remaining dough and toppings. "\t"Herby Avocado Hummus Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes about 2¼ cups½ large ripe avocado1 15½-ounce can chickpeas, rinsed, drained⅓ cup tahini, well mixed¼ cup plus 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice1 garlic clove, finely grated or smashed to a paste with flat side of knife on cutting board¾ teaspoon (or more) kosher salt10 cranks freshly ground black pepper¼ teaspoon ground cumin1 cup cilantro leaves with tender stems2 tablespoons olive oil, plus more for drizzlingToasted pumpkin seeds (pepitas; for serving)|  Preparation Process avocado, chickpeas, tahini, lime juice, garlic, salt, pepper, cumin, and 1 cup cilantro in a food processor until smooth, about 1 minute. With the motor running, stream in 2 Tbsp oil, then continue to process until hummus is very light and creamy, about 1 minute longer. Taste and season with salt, if needed.Transfer hummus to a shallow bowl. Top with pepitas and cilantro and drizzle with more oil.Do Ahead: Hummus can be made 4 days ahead. Transfer to an airtight container, cover surface with plastic, and chill. "\t"Sweet-and-Spicy Chex Mix Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes about 12 cups2 cups corn Chex cereal2 cups rice Chex cereal2 cups mixed unsalted nuts (such as pecans and cashews)2 cups small checkerboard pretzels or other small pretzels½ cup roasted edamame or roasted green peas (not wasabi flavor)½ cup smoked almonds6 garlic cloves, finely grated½ cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, melted6 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce¼ cup hot sauce (such as Frank’s Hot Sauce)¼ cup (packed) light brown sugar4 teaspoons kosher salt1 teaspoon onion powder½ teaspoon freshly ground black pepperPinch of cayenne pepper2 tablespoons nutritional yeast2 cups dried sour cherries or cranberries|  Preparation Position racks in upper and lower thirds of oven; preheat to 250°. Toss corn Chex, rice Chex, nuts, pretzels, edamame, and almonds in a large bowl.Whisk garlic, butter, Worcestershire, hot sauce, brown sugar, salt, onion powder, black pepper, and cayenne in a small bowl. Pour over cereal mixture and gently toss with a rubber spatula until coated.Divide mixture between 2 rimmed baking sheets and spread in an even layer. Bake party mix, stirring every 15 minutes and rotating trays from front to back and top to bottom halfway through, until dry and toasted, about 1 hour. Sprinkle with nutritional yeast, toss, and let cool on baking sheets (it will become crisp as it cools).Transfer party mix to a large serving bowl. Add cherries and toss until combined.Do Ahead: Party mix, without cherries, can be made 1 week ahead. Store airtight at room temperature. Add cherries just before serving. "\t"Frosé (Frozen Rosé) Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes 4 to 6 Servings1 750 ml bottle hearty, bold rosé (such as a Pinot Noir or Merlot rosé)½ cup sugar8 ounces strawberries, hulled, quartered2½ ounces fresh lemon juice|  Preparation Pour rosé into a 13x9" pan and freeze until almost solid (it won't completely solidify due to the alcohol), at least 6 hours.Meanwhile, bring sugar and ½ cup water to a boil in a medium saucepan; cook, stirring constantly, until sugar dissolves, about 3 minutes. Add strawberries, remove from heat, and let sit 30 minutes to infuse syrup with strawberry flavor. Strain through a fine-mesh sieve into a small bowl (do not press on solids); cover and chill until cold, about 30 minutes.Scrape rosé into a blender. Add lemon juice, 3½ ounces strawberry syrup, and 1 cup crushed ice and purée until smooth. Transfer blender jar to freezer and freeze until frosé is thickened (aim for milkshake consistency), 25–35 minutes.Blend again until frosé is slushy. Divide among glasses.Do Ahead: Rosé can be frozen 1 week ahead. "\t"Beet and Ricotta Hummus Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes about 2¼ cups1 baseball-sized red beet (about 6 ounces), scrubbed1 15½-ounce can chickpeas, rinsed, drained⅓ cup tahini, well mixed¼ cup fresh lemon juice¼ cup ricotta1 garlic clove, finely grated or smashed to a paste with flat side of knife on cutting board1 teaspoon (or more) kosher salt10 cranks freshly ground black pepper¼ teaspoon ground corianderMint leaves, poppy seeds, and olive oil (for serving)|  Preparation Preheat oven to 425°. Wrap beet tightly in foil and place on a foil-lined rimmed baking sheet. Roast until the tines of a fork slide easily into the center of beet, 60–70 minutes. Let sit until cool enough to handle.Meanwhile, process chickpeas, tahini, lemon juice, ricotta, garlic, salt, pepper, and coriander in a food processor until smooth.Using a paper towel, rub beet to remove skin (it should slip off easily and any staining to your hands will be temporary). Trim root end and cut beet into 8 pieces; add to food processor. Process until mixture is smooth, about 2 minutes. Taste and season with salt, if needed.Transfer hummus to a shallow bowl. Top with mint and poppy seeds and drizzle with oil.Do Ahead: Hummus can be made 4 days ahead; transfer to an airtight container and chill. "\t"Fava Bean and Asparagus Salad Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 8 Servings¼ cup coarsely chopped raw pistachios1½ cups shelled fava beans (from about 1 ½ pounds pods)Kosher salt1 small shallot, finely chopped2 tablespoons Champagne or white wine vinegarFreshly ground black pepper⅓ cup olive oil1 bunch asparagus, sliced thinly lengthwise on a mandoline2 cups trimmed watercress or arugula½ cup mint leaves2 tablespoons tarragon leaves2 tablespoons chive blossoms (optional)|  Preparation Preheat oven to 350°. Toast pistachios on a rimmed baking sheet, tossing occasionally, until fragrant but not browned, 5–8 minutes. Let cool.Cook fava beans in a large saucepan of boiling salted water until tender, about 4 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer to a colander set in a bowl of ice water. Drain, remove skins, and transfer beans to a small bowl.Combine shallot and vinegar in another small bowl; season with salt and pepper and set aside at least 10 minutes. Whisk oil into shallot mixture; season vinaigrette with salt and pepper.Combine beans, asparagus, watercress, mint, and tarragon in a large bowl; add vinaigrette and pistachios and toss to combine. Transfer to a serving platter and top with chive blossoms, if using. "\t"Masa Shortcake with Macerated Strawberries Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 6 ServingsShortcakesNonstick vegetable oil spray1 cup all-purpose flour, plus more for pan1 cup half-and-half½ cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, melted1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest1 cup masa harina4 teaspoons baking powder¾ teaspoon kosher saltStrawberries and Assembly⅓ cup sugar2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice6 sprigs thyme½ vanilla bean, split lengthwise1 pint strawberries, hulled, quarteredSoftly whipped cream and finely grated lemon zest (for serving)Special Equipment1 jumbo 6-cup muffin pan|  Preparation ShortcakesPreheat oven to 450°. Spray muffin cups lightly with nonstick spray. Flour cups, tapping out excess.Whisk half-and-half, butter, and lemon zest in a medium bowl. Whisk masa harina, baking powder, salt, and 1 cup flour in a large bowl. Make a well in the center and pour in half-and-half mixture. Mix with a wooden spoon just until incorporated. Divide batter evenly among muffin cups. Bake shortcakes until golden brown and have risen, 15–20 minutes. Let cool 5 minutes in pan, then transfer pan to a wire rack.Strawberries and AssemblyCombine sugar, lemon juice, thyme, and ⅓ cup water in a small saucepan. Scrape in vanilla seeds; add pod. Bring to a simmer, stirring to dissolve sugar. Remove from heat and let sit until thyme has infused, 25–30 minutes. Strain through a fine-mesh sieve into a medium bowl; discard solids. Let cool to room temperature. Add strawberries and let macerate 30 minutes.Split shortcakes in half lengthwise. Top with strawberries and whipped cream. Garnish with lemon zest.Do Ahead: Thyme syrup can be made 1 week ahead. Cover and chill. "\t"Skirt Steak with Preserved Lemon Butter and Sesame Cauliflower Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 ServingsPreserved Lemon Butter½ preserved lemon, seeded, finely chopped4 tablespoons (½ stick) unsalted butter, room temperature2 teaspoons thyme leaves½ teaspoon finely grated lemon zestKosher salt, freshly ground pepperCauliflower and Steak1 medium head of cauliflower, cut into florets4 tablespoons olive oil, dividedKosher salt, freshly ground pepper1 garlic clove, grated2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice2 tablespoons toasted sesame seeds, chopped1½ pounds skirt steak, cut into 4 pieces¼ cup chopped parsley|  Preparation ACTIVE: 40TOTAL: 1Preserved Lemon ButterFinely chop preserved lemon, butter, thyme, and lemon zest on a cutting board, mashing into a smooth paste. Transfer to a small bowl; season with salt and pepper.Do Ahead: Preserved lemon butter can be made 3 days ahead. Cover and chill.Cauliflower and SteakPreheat oven to 425°. Toss cauliflower and 2 Tbsp oil on a large rimmed baking sheet; season with salt and pepper. Roast, tossing occasionally, until cauliflower is golden brown and edges are crisp, 30–35 minutes.Meanwhile, combine garlic, lemon juice, sesame seeds, and 1 Tbsp oil in a small bowl; set aside.Heat remaining 1 Tbsp oil in a large skillet over medium-high. Season steaks with salt and pepper and cook to desired doneness, about 4 minutes per side for medium-rare. Transfer steaks to a cutting board and top with preserved lemon butter; let rest at least 5 minutes before slicing.Drizzle reserved sesame seed mixture over cauliflower, scatter parsley over, and toss to combine. Serve steaks with cauliflower and any remaining preserved lemon butter alongside. "\t"BA's Best Onion Rings Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 Servings1 large sweet onion2 cups buttermilk¼ cup cornmeal1 teaspoon baking powder½ teaspoon smoked paprika1½ (or more) cups all-purpose flour, divided1½ teaspoons kosher salt, plus more1 cup chilled club soda¾ cup (or more) chilled lagerVegetable oil (for frying; about 8 cups)Buttermilk Ranch Dressing (for serving)Special EquipmentA deep-fry thermometer|  Preparation Slice onion into ½"-thick rounds and separate into individual rings. Place in a large bowl and pour in buttermilk (they should be submerged). Chill 30 minutes.Whisk cornmeal, baking powder, paprika, ¾ cup flour, and 1 ½ tsp salt in a medium bowl. Whisking constantly, gradually add club soda and lager (it’s okay if a few lumps remain). Mixture should be the consistency of thin crêpe batter; whisk in more beer or flour as needed. (Be careful not to overmix.)Place remaining ¾ cup flour in a shallow bowl. Fit a large pot with thermometer and pour in oil to come 2" up sides. Heat over medium-high until thermometer registers 375°. Working in batches (don’t overcrowd the pot or oil temperature will drop and onions may stick together), remove onion rings from buttermilk, letting excess drip back into bowl. Dredge in flour, shaking off excess, then dip into batter, letting excess drip back into bowl. Fry, turning occasionally with chopsticks or a slotted spoon, until crust is golden brown, puffed, and crisp, about 2 minutes.Transfer onion rings to a wire rack set inside a rimmed baking sheet; season immediately with salt. Serve with Buttermilk Ranch Dressing. "\t"Spicy Marinara Sauce Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes 3 cups1 28-ounce can whole tomatoes2 tablespoons olive oil2 tablespoons unsalted butter1 small onion, finely chopped3 garlic cloves, thinly sliced1 tablespoon tomato paste2 teaspoons sugar½ teaspoon red pepper flakesKosher salt|  Preparation Pulse tomatoes in a food processor until a smooth purée forms. Heat oil and butter in a medium saucepan over medium-high. Add onion and cook, stirring, until golden and soft, 5–7 minutes. Add garlic and cook, stirring, until softened but not brown, 1–2 minutes. Add tomato paste, sugar, and red pepper flakes; cook, stirring, until sugar dissolves, about 2 minutes. Add tomato purée and season with salt. Reduce heat and simmer, stirring occasionally, until sauce has thickened, 15–20 minutes.Do Ahead: Sauce can be made 3 days ahead. Store in an airtight container and chill, or freeze up to 2 months. "\t"BA's Best Masala Chai Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 Servings1 1½-inch piece fresh ginger, unpeeled, coarsely grated1 3-inch cinnamon stick, lightly crushed with the flat side of a knife6 teaspoons loose strong black tea (such as Assam) or 6 tea bags (such as PG Tips)14 green cardamom pods, lightly crushed, or ¾ teaspoon cardamom seeds, lightly crushed2¾ cups milk¼ cup pure maple syrup|  Preparation Bring ginger, cinnamon, and 3½ cups water to a boil in a medium saucepan over medium-high heat. Lower heat and simmer rapidly, stirring occasionally, until liquid is reduced by a third and very fragrant, about 20 minutes.Remove pan from heat, stir in tea and cardamom, and let steep 2 minutes.Return pan to medium-high heat and stir in milk and maple syrup. Cook, stirring occasionally and keeping a close watch, until mixture begins to foam up and boil, about 5 minutes. Immediately remove from heat and let sit 5 minutes. Strain chai through a fine-mesh sieve into a teapot or pitcher and serve. "\t"Summer Greens with Mustardy Potatoes and Six-Minute Egg Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 Servings4 large eggs2 ounces sliced or slab bacon, cut crosswise into ¼-inch strips¾ pound tiny potatoes, halved if larger than a ping pong ballKosher salt, freshly ground pepper1 small shallot, finely chopped2 tablespoons whole grain mustard1 tablespoon (or more) white wine vinegar4 cups (lightly packed) summer greens, such as arugula, baby romaine, and/or mustard greens2 cups mixed herb leaves, such as parsley, chives, and/or chervil|  Preparation Carefully lower eggs into a medium saucepan of boiling water and cook 6 minutes. Drain and transfer eggs to a bowl of ice water; set aside.Meanwhile, cook bacon in a large skillet over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until fat is starting to render but bacon is not yet crisp, about 4 minutes. Add potatoes; season with salt and pepper. Cook, shaking pan occasionally, until potatoes are tender and cooked through, 8–10 minutes. Remove from heat and add shallot, mustard, and vinegar; toss to coat.Toss greens and herbs in a large bowl, add warm potatoes and toss again to coat; season with salt, pepper, and more vinegar, if desired. Peel and halve eggs; arrange over potatoes and greens. "\t"Spicy Carrot Hummus Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes about 2¼ cups2 medium carrots, peeled, ends trimmed (about 4 ounces)1 15½-ounce can chickpeas, rinsed, drained⅓ cup tahini, well mixed¼ cup fresh lemon juice1 garlic clove, finely grated or smashed to a paste with flat side of knife on cutting board1 tablespoon (or more) harissa, Sriracha, or gochujang¾ teaspoon (or more) kosher salt¼ teaspoon ground cumin2 tablespoons olive oil, plus more for drizzlingToasted sunflower seeds and chopped parsley (for serving)|  Preparation Preheat oven to 425°. Place carrots in the center of a large square of foil and drizzle with 2 Tbsp water. Wrap foil around carrots to make a tightly sealed packet. Place on a foil-lined rimmed baking sheet and roast until carrots are very tender, 40–50 minutes. Let sit until cool enough to handle.Process roasted carrots, chickpeas, tahini, lemon juice, garlic, harissa, salt, and cumin in a food processor until mixture is smooth, about 1 minute. With the motor running, stream in 2 Tbsp oil, then continue to process until hummus is very light and creamy, about 1 minute longer. Taste and season with salt, if needed. Add more harissa to make hummus spicier, if desired, then process to incorporate, just a few seconds longer.Transfer hummus to a shallow bowl. Top with sunflower seeds and parsley and drizzle with oil.Do Ahead: Hummus can be made 4 days ahead. Transfer to an airtight container and chill. "\t"Dandelion, Date, and Blue Cheese Salad with Brown Butter Croutons Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 Servings2 tablespoons unsalted butter2 tablespoons olive oil1 cup day-old bread, torn into ¾-inch piecesKosher salt, freshly ground pepper1 tablespoon Sherry vinegar or red wine vinegar1 tablespoon (or more) fresh lemon juice1 large bunch dandelion greens, mature spinach, or arugula, trimmed, leaves torn into 2-inch pieces5 Medjool dates, pitted, torn into pieces2 ounces mild dry blue cheese|  Preparation ACTIVE: 20TOTAL: 20Cook butter in a medium skillet over medium heat until it foams, then browns and starts to smell nutty, about 4 minutes. Add oil and swirl to combine. Place 2 Tbsp brown butter in a salad bowl; set aside.Add bread to skillet, season with salt and pepper, and toss to coat. Cook bread, tossing occasionally, until golden brown and crunchy, about 5 minutes (croutons will crisp more as they cool). Set aside.Whisk vinegar and lemon juice into reserved browned butter; season dressing with salt and pepper. Add dandelion greens and dates and toss to coat. Taste and season with salt, pepper, and more lemon juice, if desired. Add croutons and blue cheese and gently toss to coat. "\t"Curried Sweet Potato Hummus Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes about 2¼ cups1 small sweet potato, scrubbed (about 4 ounces)1 15½-ounce can chickpeas, rinsed, drained⅓ cup tahini, well mixed¼ cup fresh lime juice1 garlic clove, finely grated or smashed to a paste with flat side of knife on cutting board1 teaspoon curry powder1 teaspoon (or more) kosher salt10 cranks freshly ground black pepper⅛ teaspoon cayenne pepper2 tablespoons melted virgin coconut oilCrushed roasted, salted cashews, crushed red pepper flakes, and olive oil (for serving)|  Preparation Preheat oven to 425°. Prick potato all over with a fork and wrap tightly in foil. Place on a foil-lined rimmed baking sheet and roast until the tines of a fork slide easily into the center of potato, 60–70 minutes. Let sit until cool enough to handle.Meanwhile, process chickpeas, tahini, lime juice, garlic, curry powder, salt, black pepper, and cayenne in a food processor until smooth.Halve potato lengthwise and scoop out ½ cup flesh (discard skin). Add to food processor and process until mixture is smooth, about 1 minute. With the motor running, stream in coconut oil, then continue to process until hummus is very light and creamy, 1–2 minutes longer. Taste and season with salt, if needed.Transfer hummus to a shallow bowl. Top with cashews and red pepper and drizzle with olive oil.Do Ahead: Hummus can be made 4 days ahead. Transfer to an airtight container and chill. "\t"Potato Salad with Lox and Everything-Bagel Spice Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 6 Servings2 pounds Peewee or peanut potatoesKosher salt½ cup crème fraîche1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest¼ cup olive oil, plus more for drizzling5 small radishes, trimmed, cut into wedgesFreshly ground black pepper1 teaspoon dried minced garlic1 teaspoon dried minced onion1 teaspoon poppy seeds1 teaspoon toasted sesame seeds½ teaspoon flaky sea salt4 ounces thinly sliced smoked salmon, torn into small pieces¼ cup chopped dill|  Preparation Place potatoes in a large pot and pour in cold water to cover; season with salt. Bring to a boil; reduce heat and simmer until tender, 10–15 minutes. Drain; let cool.Meanwhile, mix crème fraîche, lemon zest, and ¼ cup oil in a large bowl. Add potatoes and radishes and toss to coat; season with salt and pepper.Combine dried garlic, dried onions, poppy seeds, sesame seeds, and sea salt in a small bowl.To serve, layer potatoes with pieces of smoked salmon, spice mix, and dill on a platter and drizzle with more oil.Do Ahead: Potato salad can be dressed 1 day ahead; cover and chill. Add dill, spice mix, and smoked salmon just before serving. "\t"Crisp Waffles Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes 10 waffles1¼ cups weak (soft) wheat flour (6½ ounces)Generous pinch of kosher saltGenerous pinch of sugar1¼ cups creamMelted unsalted butter (for brushing)|  Preparation Pour ¾ cup + 1 Tbsp water into a large bowl. Stir in flour, salt, and sugar to form a batter.Using an electric mixer on medium-high speed, whip cream in another large bowl until soft peaks form; fold into batter (it should be fully combined, but not overmixed).Heat waffle iron to proper working temperature and brush very lightly with butter. Pour in a suitable amount of batter and cook until waffle is nice and golden. Repeat with remaining batter. "\t"Mozzarella Sticks Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes about 24 pieces1 pound mozzarella (preferably Polly-o)¾ cup all-purpose flour3 large eggs3 tablespoons whole milk2 cups panko (Japanese breadcrumbs)1½ teaspoons garlic powder1½ teaspoons onion powder1 teaspoon dried basil1 teaspoon dried oregano1 teaspoon dried parsley1 teaspoon dried thymeVegetable oil (for frying; about 6 cups)Kosher saltSpicy Marinara Sauce (for serving)Special EquipmentA deep-fry thermometer|  Preparation Cut mozzarella into 3x½" pieces. Place flour in a shallow dish. Whisk eggs and milk in another shallow dish. Mix panko, garlic powder, onion powder, basil, oregano, parsley, and thyme in third shallow dish.Working with one piece of mozzarella at a time, dredge in flour, shaking off excess. Dip in egg mixture, then coat in panko mixture, pressing to adhere. Repeat steps for a second coating. Transfer to a wire rack set inside a rimmed baking sheet. Repeat with remaining mozzarella. Transfer rack with mozzarella to freezer and freeze at least 1 hour.Fit a large pot with deep-fry thermometer and pour in oil to come 2" up sides. Heat over medium-high until thermometer registers 350°. Working in batches, fry mozzarella, turning occasionally, until golden brown and crisp, 2–2½ minutes. Transfer to a paper towel-lined plate and season with salt while still hot. Serve with Spicy Marinara Sauce.Do Ahead: Mozzarella sticks can be breaded 3 days ahead; keep frozen. "\t"Crispy Potato Salad with Chiles, Celery, and Peanuts Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 6 Servings2 pounds baby fingerling potatoes, sliced crosswise ¾ inch thickKosher salt3 tablespoons vegetable oil2 red chiles (such as serrano or Holland), thinly sliced1 garlic clove, finely grated½ cup unseasoned rice vinegar2 teaspoons light brown sugar1 teaspoon finely grated peeled ginger½ cup unsalted, roasted peanuts, coarsely chopped2 celery stalks, sliced in half lengthwise, thinly sliced on a diagonal, plus ½ cup celery leaves1 cup coarsely chopped cilantro½ cup torn mint leaves|  Preparation Place potatoes in a large pot and pour in cold water to cover; season with salt. Bring to a boil; reduce heat and simmer until tender, 10–15 minutes. Drain; let cool.Heat oil in a large skillet over medium-high. Cook potatoes, tossing occasionally, until golden brown and crisp, 8–10 minutes; season with salt.Meanwhile, bring chiles, garlic, vinegar, brown sugar, and ginger to a simmer in a small saucepan over medium-low heat, stirring, until sugar dissolves, about 2 minutes.Toss potatoes, warm vinegar mixture, and peanuts in a large bowl; let cool slightly. Add celery, celery leaves, cilantro, and mint and toss again to combine. Taste and season with salt if needed.Do Ahead: Potatoes can be boiled 1 day ahead; cover and chill. "\t"Potato Salad with Old Bay and Potato Chips Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 6 Servings2 pounds small waxy potatoes, scrubbed, halvedKosher salt¼ cup cup olive oil, plus more for drizzling1 small red onion, thinly sliced¼ cup apple cider vinegar1 tablespoon whole grain mustard1 teaspoon Old Bay seasoning1 teaspoon (or more) coarsely ground black pepperPinch of cayenne pepper2 cups kettle-cooked potato chips¼ cup coarsely chopped parsley3 tablespoons finely chopped chives|  Preparation Place potatoes in a large pot and pour in cold water to cover; season with salt. Bring to a boil; reduce heat and simmer until tender, 15–18 minutes. Drain and return to pot to dry out; let cool.Meanwhile, heat ¼ cup oil in a medium skillet over medium-high. Add onion; season with salt. Cook, stirring occasionally, until soft, about 5 minutes.Transfer onion to a large bowl. Stir in vinegar, mustard, Old Bay, black pepper, and cayenne. Add potatoes, potato chips, parsley, and chives to vinaigrette and toss to combine. Taste and season with salt and black pepper if needed; drizzle with more oil.Do Ahead: Vinaigrette can be made 3 days ahead; cover and chill. "\t"Dominique Ansel's Rainbow Mille-Feuille Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 Servings2 cups whole milk12 large egg yolks1⅓ cups granulated sugar¼ cup cornstarch¾ cup (1½ sticks) unsalted butter, cut into pieces2 packages frozen puff pastry (preferably Dufour), thawedPowdered sugar (for dusting)¼ cup fruit purée or preserves3–5 drops food coloringSpecial Equipment5 pastry bags or resealable plastic bags|  Preparation Bring milk to a simmer in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Meanwhile, vigorously whisk egg yolks, granulated sugar, and cornstarch in a medium bowl until light in color and well incorporated. Whisking constantly, stream one-third of warmed milk into yolk mixture and whisk until well blended. Return pot with remaining milk to medium-low heat and add yolk mixture. Cook, whisking constantly, until pastry cream is very thick (think pudding) and begins to bubble, about 4 minutes.Remove from heat and whisk in butter until fully incorporated. Line a rimmed baking sheet or large shallow bowl with plastic wrap and spread pastry cream directly on plastic (the more spread out the pastry cream is, the faster it will cool). Cover with another piece of plastic wrap, pressing it directly against the surface to prevent a skin from forming, and chill at least 2 hours.Meanwhile, preheat oven to 375°. Unfold each puff pastry onto a parchment-lined rimmed baking sheet. Using a fork, dock both pieces of dough, making rows across the surface about 1" apart. Bake puff pastry until golden brown, 25–35 minutes. Remove baking sheets from oven and dust pastry lightly with powdered sugar. Return to oven and bake until sugar is caramelized, 1–2 minutes. Transfer sheets to wire racks and let cool.Fold pastry cream with fruit purée (if using preserves, finished pastry cream will have some fruit pieces in it) in a medium bowl. Divide pastry cream among 5 small bowls (you should have about 4 cups pastry cream to make 5 colors). Add food coloring 1 drop at a time and mix until desired color is achieved. (Some good combinations: raspberry and red; blueberry and blue/purple; apricot and orange.) Transfer each color to a piping bag and chill until ready to use.Using a serrated knife, cut each puff pastry into six 4x6" rectangles. Place a rectangle of pastry on a plate or platter. Cut off a small corner of piping bag and pipe the first layer of pastry cream on puff pastry, leaving a ⅛" border. Place another pastry rectangle on top, then pipe the next flavor of pastry cream. Repeat with remaining pastry rectangles and creams, creating 6 layers and ending with puff pastry. Dust top layer of puff pastry with powdered sugar. Serve immediately.Do Ahead: Pastry cream can be made up to 5 days ahead; store in an airtight container and chill. "\t"BA's Best Cream Scones Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes 8 Servings¼ cup granulated sugar2 teaspoons baking powder½ teaspoon baking soda½ teaspoon kosher salt3 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for surface½ cup (1 stick) chilled unsalted butter, cut into pieces1 large egg, beaten to blend1¼ cups heavy cream, plus more for brushingDemerara or raw sugar (for sprinkling)|  Preparation Preheat oven to 375°. Whisk granulated sugar, baking powder, baking soda, salt, and 3 cups flour in a large bowl to combine. Add butter and toss to coat. Using your fingers or a pastry blender, work butter into flour until only pea-size pieces remain. Make a well in the center; add egg and 1¼ cups cream and mix with a fork, incorporating dry ingredients a little at a time, until a shaggy dough forms (it’s okay if it looks a little dry; don’t overwork). Lightly knead dough in bowl until it just comes together.Turn out onto a lightly floured surface and pat into a 1"-thick round. Cut into 8 wedges and transfer to a parchment-lined baking sheet. Brush dough with cream and sprinkle with demerara sugar. Bake scones until golden brown, 25–30 minutes.Do Ahead: Scones can be made 1 day ahead. Store lightly covered at room temperature.VariationsLemon-Rosemary: Whisk 2 tsp finely grated lemon zest and 2 tsp finely chopped fresh rosemary into flour mixture before adding butter.Cinnamon-Chocolate: Toss 1 cup chopped bittersweet chocolate and 1 tsp ground cinnamon into flour mixture after working in butter.Double Ginger: Whisk 2 Tbsp finely chopped candied ginger and 1 Tbsp finely grated peeled ginger into flour mixture before adding butter.Mixed Berry: Toss 1 cup fresh or frozen berries, cut into pieces if large, into flour mixture after working in butter.Pecan-Oat: Toss ¾ cup old-fashioned oats and ¾ cup chopped toasted pecans into flour mixture before adding butter. Sprinkle ¼ cup oats along with demerara sugar over scones before baking. "\t"Roasted Brussels Sprouts Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 to 6 Servings3 pounds brussels sprouts, trimmed, halved, quartered if large5 tablespoons olive oil2 teaspoons kosher salt½ teaspoon freshly ground black pepper|  Preparation Preheat oven to 450°. Toss brussels sprouts, oil, salt, and pepper on a rimmed baking sheet. Roast, tossing occasionally, until tender and browned, 35–45 minutes. "\t"Giant Chocolate Chip Skillet Cookie Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 8 to 10 Servings1 cup semisweet chocolate wafers (discs, pistoles, fèves)½ cup plus 2 tablespoons dark brown sugar⅓ cup granulated sugar¼ cup (½ stick) plus 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, room temperature¾ teaspoon kosher salt1 large egg, room temperature1½ teaspoons vanilla paste or extract1 cup all-purpose flour¼ teaspoon baking sodaFlaky sea salt|  Preparation Place a rack in lowest position in oven; preheat to 375°. Coarsely chop chocolate, leaving several wafers whole; set aside.Mix brown sugar, granulated sugar, butter, and kosher salt in a large bowl until no large lumps remain, about 1 minute. Stir in egg and vanilla until egg is incorporated and mixture is very loose and resembles cake batter, about 30 seconds. Add flour and baking soda and mix until dough comes together and no streaks remain, about 30 seconds. Stir in ¾ cup chocolate, reserving remaining chocolate, until evenly distributed.Scrape batter into a 10" cast-iron skillet (or use a stainless steel skillet coated with nonstick vegetable oil spray). Pat batter into skillet with damp hands, pressing into an even layer so dough extends to sides of pan. Scatter remaining chocolate over cookie and sprinkle with sea salt.Bake cookie until outer edges are browned and slightly puffed, 20–25 minutes (15–18 minutes for stainless steel). Let cool in skillet 1 hour (if you can resist). Serve in skillet or turn out; cut into wedges. "\t"Spicy Sausage and White Bean Soup Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 Servings2 tablespoons olive oil1 pound hot turkey or Italian sausage, casings removed, chopped1 large onion, finely chopped2 large peppers (red, orange, or yellow), finely chopped2–3 carrots, finely chopped4 garlic cloves, finely chopped2 tablespoons finely chopped sage1 tablespoon finely chopped rosemary½ teaspoon kosher salt½ teaspoon freshly ground black pepper¼ teaspoon red pepper flakes4 cups homemade chicken stock or low-sodium chicken broth1 14-ounce can petite diced tomatoes3 15-ounce cans cannellini beans, drained, rinsed½ cup unsweetened almond milk1 pound baby spinach¼ cup grated Parmesan|  Preparation Heat oil in a large stockpot over medium. Cook sausage, stirring occasionally, until browned, about 10 minutes. Transfer sausage to a plate. Add onion, peppers, carrots, and garlic to pot and cook, stirring frequently, until onions are tender, about 8 minutes.Add sage, rosemary, salt, black pepper, and red pepper flakes. Stir in chicken stock, tomatoes and their juices, and reserved sausage. Bring to a boil, then reduce heat and simmer until flavors have melded, about 15 minutes.Using a fork, coarsely mash beans from 1 can and add to sausage mixture. Stir in almond milk and remaining 2 cans of beans; let simmer 10 minutes.Divide spinach among bowls, then ladle soup over spinach. Top soup with Parmesan. "\t"Tacos al Pastor Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 6 to 8 Servings10 guajillo chiles, seeds removed2 chiles de árbol3 pounds boneless pork shoulder (Boston butt), sliced ¾" thick8 garlic cloves, peeled1 cup distilled white vinegar¼ cup sugar3 tablespoons prepared or fresh achiote paste3 ounces kosher salt (7 tablespoons Diamond Crystal or 4 tablespoons plus 2 teaspoons Morton), plus more1 pineapple, peeled, cored, cut into ½" rings, divided1 medium onion, finely chopped, divided2 red habanero chiles, seeds removed, finely chopped¼ cup fresh mint, chopped3 tablespoons fresh lime juice16 corn tortillasLime wedges (for serving)|  Preparation Bring guajillo chiles, chiles de árbol, and 2 cups water to a boil in a medium saucepan over medium-high heat. Cover, remove from heat, and let sit 30 minutes to let chiles soften.Place pork in a large bowl. Purée chiles and soaking liquid, garlic, vinegar, sugar, achiote paste, 3 oz. salt, half of the pineapple, and half of the onion in a blender until smooth, about 2 minutes. Pour over pork, stirring to coat thoroughly. Cover and chill 3–12 hours.If using a gas grill or grill pan, prepare for medium-high heat; if using a charcoal grill, prepare for two zones of heat, medium-high and low. Grill remaining pineapple over medium-high heat, turning once, until charred, 6–8 minutes. Finely chop pineapple and combine with habanero chiles, mint, lime juice, and remaining onion in a small bowl. Season with salt, cover, and chill until ready to use.If using gas grill or grill pan, reduce heat to low; if using charcoal grill, use low-zone heat. Remove pork from marinade and grill until marinade on pork has dried and begins to caramelize and char, about 12 minutes per side. Transfer to a cutting board and let pork rest 10 minutes.Grill tortillas until soft and beginning to char, about 30 seconds per side. Slice pork against the grain into ¼" strips. Top each tortilla with a few pieces of pork and some pineapple salsa. Serve with lime wedges for squeezing over.Do Ahead: Pineapple salsa can be made 4 hours ahead; keep chilled. "\t"Chicken Scarpariello with Sausage and Peppers Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 servings1½ pounds fingerling potatoes, halved lengthwise6 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, dividedKosher salt, freshly ground pepper3 links sweet Italian sausage6 skin-on, bone-in chicken thighs2 large onions, chopped½ large red bell pepper, chopped6 garlic cloves, finely grated1 cup dry white wine1 cup low-sodium chicken broth½ cup chopped hot, sweet pickled Peppadew peppers in brine¼ cup white wine vinegar3 sprigs rosemaryChopped parsley (for serving)|  Preparation Arrange racks in upper and lower thirds of oven; preheat to 450°. Toss potatoes with 3 Tbsp oil on a rimmed baking sheet; season with salt and pepper. Arrange cut side down and roast on lower rack until tender and cut sides are browned, 20–30 minutes; set aside.Meanwhile, heat remaining 3 Tbsp oil in a large skillet over medium-high. Cook sausages, turning occasionally, until browned on all sides, 6–8 minutes (they will not be fully cooked). Transfer to a plate.Season chicken on both sides with salt and pepper. Cook in same skillet, turning occasionally, until golden brown on both sides, 8–10 minutes (they will also be undercooked). Transfer to plate with sausage.Cook onions, bell pepper, and garlic in same skillet over medium-high heat, stirring occasionally and scraping bottom of pan, until tender and beginning to brown, 10–12 minutes. Add wine and cook, stirring occasionally, until reduced and you can no longer smell the alcohol, about 8 minutes. Add broth, peppers, vinegar, and rosemary and bring to a boil; cook until slightly reduced, about 5 minutes. Nestle chicken into onion mixture, then transfer skillet to upper rack of oven and roast chicken 10 minutes. Add sausages to skillet, pushing them into onion mixture, and continue to roast until chicken is cooked through and an instant-read thermometer inserted into thickest part of thigh registers 165°, 5–10 minutes.Top with parsley and serve with roasted potatoes alongside. "\t"Cranberry-Pear Mostarda Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes about 3 cups½ cup dry white wine½ cup sugar1 Bosc pear, peeled, cored, cut into ½-inch pieces12 ounces fresh or frozen cranberries, thawed, divided1 tablespoon mustard seeds1 teaspoon dry mustardPinch of cayenne pepperKosher salt, freshly ground pepper|  Preparation Cook wine and sugar in a medium saucepan over medium-high heat, stirring occasionally, until mixture boils, about 4 minutes. Add pear and half of the cranberries and cook, stirring frequently, until cranberries have burst and pears begin to soften, 5–8 minutes. Stir in remaining cranberries and bring to a boil.Remove pan from heat and stir in mustard seeds, dry mustard, and cayenne; season with salt and pepper. Let sit, uncovered, at room temperature until cool (flavor will develop as it sits). Transfer to a medium serving bowl and serve at room temperature.Do Ahead: Mostarda can be made 5 days ahead. Cover and chill. Bring to room temperature before serving. "\t"Herbed Baked Brie Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 8 Servings1 2.2-pound wheel of brie (or 8-ounce rounds)6 sprigs rosemary6 sprigs thyme2 tablespoons olive oilCranberry-Pear Mostarda, Thyme-Roasted Walnuts, sliced pear, crackers, and sliced baguette (for serving)|  Preparation Place brie on a plate and freeze until very firm, about 30 minutes.Preheat oven to 350°. Cut off top rind of brie with a sharp knife (it’s okay if you can’t get the rind off in one piece; brie will smooth out as it bakes).Toss rosemary, thyme, and oil on a parchment-lined rimmed baking sheet until coated. Spread herbs evenly on parchment. Place brie in the center so that it covers about half of the herbs. Bake until cheese is melted, 15–20 minutes. Remove from oven and let rest to firm up slightly, about 5 minutes (if you skip this step, you risk spilling molten cheese all over your cutting board).Strip leaves from uncovered herbs and sprinkle over brie. Using parchment and a wide spatula, carefully slide brie and covered herbs onto a cutting board.Arrange mostarda, walnuts, pear slices, crackers, and baguette slices around cutting board; serve brie warm. "\t"Achiote Paste Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes ½ cup3 whole cloves1 bay leaf¼ cup annatto seeds2 teaspoons coriander seeds2 teaspoons cumin seeds2 teaspoons dried Mexican or Italian oregano1 teaspoon black peppercorns1 teaspoon kosher salt4 garlic cloves¼ cup distilled white vinegar1 teaspoon finely grated lime zest1 teaspoon finely grated orange zest|  Preparation Blend cloves, bay leaf, annatto seeds, coriander seeds, cumin seeds, oregano, peppercorns, and salt in a blender on low speed, increasing to high, until finely ground.Add garlic, vinegar, lime zest, and orange zest and continue blending until a coarse paste forms. Transfer to a small airtight container and chill.Do Ahead: Paste can be made 1 month ahead. Store in an airtight container and chill. "\t"Fettuccine ai Frutti di Mare Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 Servings3 tablespoons olive oil1 large onion, chopped4 garlic cloves, crushedKosher salt, freshly ground pepper2 oil-packed anchovy fillets, chopped1 tablespoon tomato paste5 cups canned diced tomatoes, plus ½ cup tomato juice3 tablespoons chopped basil¼ teaspoon red pepper flakes½ cup clam juice½ cup dry white wine12 small clams, such as Manila or littleneck, scrubbed16 mussels, scrubbed, debearded10 ounces large shrimp, peeled, deveined10 ounces bay scallops12 ounces fresh fettuccine (or 8 ounces dried)5 ounces baby spinach leaves|  Preparation Heat oil in a large saucepan over medium. Cook onion and garlic, stirring, until onions are translucent, 5–8 minutes; season with salt and pepper. Add anchovies and tomato paste and cook, stirring, until color deepens, about 2 minutes.Stir in tomatoes, tomato juice, basil, red pepper flakes, and 2 tsp salt. Bring to a boil, then reduce heat and simmer until sauce is thickened, about 15 minutes.Add clam juice and wine and bring to a boil; cook 2 minutes. Lower heat and bring to a rapid simmer. Add clams and cook until they open, 8–10 minutes. Transfer clams to a large warm bowl; discard any that do not open.Add mussels and cook until they open, 3–5 minutes. Transfer mussels to bowl with clams; discard any that do not open.Return sauce to a boil, add shrimp and scallops, cover, and remove from heat. Let sit until shrimp and scallops are cooked through, 5–8 minutes. Transfer shrimp and scallops to another large warm bowl.Meanwhile, cook fettuccine in a large pot of boiling salted water until barely al dente, about 2 minutes if using fresh pasta, reserving 2 Tbsp pasta cooking liquid.Return sauce to a boil, add spinach, and cook until spinach is wilted, about 1 minute. Add pasta and pasta cooking liquid; simmer until sauce thickens, 2–5 minutes. Add shrimp and scallops and continue cooking until well combined, 30–60 seconds. Transfer pasta mixture to a large bowl; season with salt and pepper. Arrange clams and mussels over pasta.Do Ahead: Sauce can be made 2 days ahead. Let cool, store in an airtight container, and chill, or freeze up to 3 months. "\t"Savory Fondue Babka Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes one 9x5" loafDough½ cup milk, warmed to 100°2¼ teaspoons active dry yeast2 large eggs1 tablespoon Diamond Crystal or 1¾ teaspoons Morton kosher salt1 teaspoon sugar2½ cups all-purpose flour7 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, room temperature, plus more for bowlFilling and AssemblyNonstick vegetable oil spray1 garlic clove, finely grated1 tablespoon apricot eau de vie or kirsch1 tablespoon fresh lemon juiceAll-purpose flour (for dusting)3 ounces grated Emmenthal cheese (about 1 cup)3 ounces grated Gruyère (about 1 cup)Freshly ground black pepper1 large egg yolkSpecial EquipmentA 9x5" loaf pan|  Preparation DoughWhisk milk and yeast in the bowl of a stand mixer (or large bowl if kneading by hand). Let sit until foamy, about 10 minutes.Whisk eggs, salt, and sugar in a small bowl. Add egg mixture and flour to yeast mixture. Mix with a wooden spoon until a shaggy dough forms. Beat with dough hook on medium speed (dough will be very dry and shaggy), adding 7 Tbsp butter one piece at a time, until dough is smooth, elastic, and very tacky but pulls away from sides of bowl, about 10 minutes. (Alternatively, knead dough on a lightly floured surface until smooth and elastic, about 10 minutes.)Grease a large bowl with butter; transfer dough to bowl. Cover with plastic wrap and let sit in a warm place until doubled in size, about 1 hour.Do Ahead: Dough can be made 1 day ahead; cover and chill.Filling and AssemblyLightly coat loaf pan with nonstick spray, then line with parchment paper, leaving a 2" overhang on long sides. Coat parchment with nonstick spray.Mix garlic, eau de vie, and lemon juice in a small bowl. Turn out dough onto a lightly floured surface. Roll out to a 16x10" rectangle and orient so long side is facing you. Brush garlic mixture over dough, going all the way to the edges. Top with cheese and generously season with pepper. Roll up dough away from you like a jelly roll, pulling lightly on it as you roll to maintain thickness. (Use a metal bench scraper if needed to help dough release from surface.)Using a serrated knife, cut log in half lengthwise so layers of cheese and dough are exposed. Arrange halves cut side up and side by side. Place one half over the other to make a narrow X, then twist the two ends on one side twice. Repeat on opposite side. (You should have a total of 4 twists.)Transfer dough to prepared pan. Spray plastic wrap with nonstick spray and loosely drape over pan. Let sit in a warm place until almost doubled in size, about 1 hour.Preheat oven to 375°. Beat egg yolk with 1 Tbsp water in a small bowl. Brush dough with egg wash. Bake babka until top is golden brown, 25–35 minutes. Transfer pan to a wire rack and let babka cool in pan 15 minutes. Turn out onto a wire rack using parchment overhang and running a paring knife around edges to help loosen, if needed. Let cool completely before slicing. "\t"Corned Beef Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 6–8 servingsPickling Spice5 dried chiles de árbol1 1-inch piece fresh ginger, peeled, coarsely chopped1 3-inch cinnamon stick10 cardamom pods8 dried bay leaves3 tablespoons whole peppercorns2 tablespoons coriander seeds2 tablespoons mustard seeds1 tablespoon allspice berries1 tablespoon juniper berries1 teaspoon whole clovesBrine and Brisket1 14.9-ounce can Guinness draught½ cup (packed) light brown sugar5 teaspoons pink curing salt2½ cups kosher salt, plus more1 5–6 pound untrimmed flat-cut beef brisket|  Preparation Pickling SpiceToast chiles, ginger, cinnamon stick, cardamom, bay leaves, peppercorns, coriander seeds, mustard seeds, allspice berries, juniper berries, and cloves in a large dry skillet over medium heat, shaking pan occasionally, until spices start to jump in pan and are fragrant, 3–5 minutes (don’t let them burn). Transfer to a mortar and pestle and coarsely crush about 1 minute (or crush with a knife).Brine and BrisketWhisk Guinness, brown sugar, curing salt, 2½ cups kosher salt, and 1 gallon water in a large pot or container (at least 8 quarts) until sugar and salts are dissolved. Scoop out ½ cup pickling spice and set aside in a small bowl or jar (you won’t need it again until it’s time to cook the corned beef). Add remaining spice mixture and brisket to brine and weigh down with a plate to keep it submerged (it’s okay if brisket needs to be crammed into the container, just don’t fold it; you can also cut it in half if you can’t find a large enough container). Cover with plastic wrap or a lid and chill, flipping meat once a day, 5–6 days.Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a simmer. Remove brisket from brine and rinse thoroughly under cold water; discard brine. Add brisket to simmering water along with reserved ½ cup spice mixture and cook, covered, until corned beef is fork-tender and easily shreds with the grain, 4–4½ hours.Slice corned beef against the grain and serve.Do Ahead: Corned beef can be cooked 1 week ahead; cover with plastic and chill. "\t"Ham and Sausage Jambalaya Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 6 to 8 Servings1 pound andouille or other smoked sausage1 pound smoked ham, cut into 1-inch pieces1 tablespoon unsalted butter1 white onion, finely chopped3 celery stalks, finely chopped1 green bell pepper, cored, finely chopped1 red bell pepper, cored, finely choppedKosher salt3 plum tomatoes, seeded, finely chopped3 garlic cloves, finely chopped1 jalapeño, finely chopped2 tablespoons tomato paste1 teaspoon finely chopped thyme4½ cups low-sodium chicken stock3 cups long-grain rice, rinsed4 bay leaves10 dashes hot sauce (preferably Tabasco)Freshly ground black pepper1 pound medium shrimp, peeled, deveined¼ cup chopped scallions½ cup chopped parsley leaves with tender stems, dividedLemon wedges (for serving)|  Preparation Cook sausage and ham in a large pot over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until browned, about 12 minutes; transfer to a plate. Wipe out pot.Melt butter in same pot over medium-high heat. Cook onion, celery, green pepper, red pepper, and 1 tsp salt, stirring frequently, until onion is translucent, 10–12 minutes. Stir in tomatoes, garlic, jalapeño, tomato paste, and thyme; cook until heated through, about 1 minute. Season with salt.Add chicken stock and bring to a boil. Stir in rice, bay leaves, and hot sauce. Season with salt and pepper.Return to a boil, then reduce heat to low and simmer, covered, 15 minutes. Uncover and stir in reserved sausage and ham. Cook until heated through, about 5 more minutes.Add shrimp, scallions, and ¼ cup parsley. Stir a few times to allow shrimp to begin cooking, then cover pot, turn off heat, and let jambalaya sit until shrimp are cooked through, 15–18 minutes. Transfer to a large bowl, then top with remaining ¼ cup parsley. Serve with lemon wedges alongside. "\t"Mushroom Toasts Recipe Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 servings6 tablespoons olive oil, divided, plus more for drizzling4 ¾-inch-thick slices country-style bread1 garlic cloveKosher salt2 tablespoons unsalted butter12 ounces mixed mushrooms, such as morels, chanterelles, crimini, and/or maitake, coarsely chopped1 medium shallot, finely chopped1 tablespoon dry white wine1 cup crème fraîche or sour cream1 teaspoon chopped thyme½ teaspoon finely grated lemon zestFreshly ground black pepper1 cup (loosely packed) trimmed watercress, torn2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice1 tablespoon finely chopped chives|  Preparation Heat 3 Tbsp oil in a medium skillet over medium-high. Working in batches, fry bread until golden, about 2 minutes per side. Transfer bread to a plate; wipe out skillet. Rub garlic clove onto bread, then season with salt. Using a paring knife, poke holes all over bread (so it can soak up all the sauce).Heat butter and 3 Tbsp oil in same skillet over medium-high. Add mushrooms and shallot and cook, stirring occasionally, until most of the mushrooms are golden brown and slightly crisp, 6–8 minutes. Add wine and cook until evaporated, about 30 seconds. Add crème fraîche and cook, stirring occasionally, until sauce is slightly thickened but still loose and velvety, 3–5 minutes. Stir in thyme and lemon zest, then remove from heat; season with salt and pepper.Toss watercress, lemon juice, and a pinch of salt in a small bowl. Drizzle with oil.Divide mushroom mixture among toasts. Top with chives and watercress salad. "\t"Corned Beef and Cabbage Egg Rolls Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes 6Egg Roll Mustard Sauce¼ cup Dijon mustard2 tablespoons French’s yellow mustard1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon unseasoned rice vinegar1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon mustard powder¼ teaspoon cayenne pepperEgg Rolls and Assembly2 cups coarsely chopped cooked cabbage (about 7 ounces)1 cup (packed) coarsely chopped cooked corned beef (about 5 ounces)½ cup coarsely chopped cooked carrots (about 3 ounces)Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper6 wonton wrappersNeutral oil (for frying; about 4 cups)Special EquipmentA deep-fry thermometer|  Preparation Egg Roll Mustard SauceWhisk Dijon mustard, yellow mustard, rice vinegar, mustard powder, and cayenne in a small bowl until smooth. Chill until ready to use.Do Ahead: Sauce can be made 2 days ahead; cover and chill.Egg Rolls and AssemblyPlace cabbage, corned beef, and carrots in a food processor; season with salt and pepper. Pulse until pieces are slightly smaller than pea-size.Working one at a time, place wonton wrapper on a work surface with 1 corner facing you. Place 2.5 oz. (about ⅓ cup) filling in center of wrapper and shape into a horizontal 4"-long log. Dip your fingers in water and lightly brush top, left, and right corners of wrapper. Roll bottom corner up and over filling, then tuck under filling. Fold left and right corners tightly over filling to enclose, then continue to roll bundle away from you, tucking as you go, to create a classic egg roll shape. Both sides should be as close to sealed as possible; use a little water to pinch and patch.Fit a medium pot with deep-fry thermometer and pour in oil to come halfway up the sides. Heat over high until thermometer registers 350°. Reduce heat to medium. Working in batches, fry egg rolls until lightly browned and crisp, 3–4 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack and let cool slightly before serving; the finished texture should be crispy but still have a little chew to it. Serve with sauce alongside. "\t"OddFellows' Waffle Cones Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 8 cones¾ cup all-purpose flour½ teaspoon kosher salt¼ teaspoon ground cinnamon¾ cup plus 2 Tbsp powdered sugar, divided3 large egg whites5 tablespoons unsalted butter, meltedNonstick vegetable oil spraySpecial EquipmentA waffle-cone maker|  Preparation Whisk flour, salt, cinnamon, and ¾ cup powdered sugar in a medium bowl. Using an electric mixer on medium-high speed, beat egg whites and remaining 2 Tbsp powdered sugar in a large bowl to stiff, fluffy peaks. Fold dry ingredients into egg white mixture until just blended. Fold in butter and mix until all is incorporated.Spray a waffle-cone maker with nonstick spray and heat to medium. Using ¼ cup batter per batch, make waffle cones one at a time and according to manufacturer’s instructions, baking to desired doneness and molding them while still warm. "\t"Dale Talde's Mickey D's–Style Fried Apple Pies Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 12 to 16 ServingsFor the Filling1 stick (¼ pound) unsalted butter1½ cups firmly packed light brown sugar5 sweet-tart apples, like Granny Smith, peeled, cored, cut into ¼-inch cubes (about 7 cups)1 teaspoon kosher salt½ teaspoon ground cinnamonFor the Pies12–16 defrosted frozen plain roti paratha or roti canai½ cup turbinado sugar, such as Sugar in the Raw brandVegetable oil (for deep frying)Special EquipmentA deep-fry thermometerIngredient InfoRoti is available at Asian markets and online.|  Preparation Make the FillingMelt butter in a wide skillet over medium heat. Add brown sugar and stir well, breaking up clumps. Let mixture simmer until sugar has mostly dissolved, about 5 minutes. Raise heat to medium-high, stir in apples, salt, and cinnamon, and cook, stirring occasionally, until apples are tender but not mushy, about 8 minutes. The sugar will seize up but will melt into the liquid that the apples release as they cook. Transfer mixture to a bowl and let it cool completely.Do Ahead: You can keep the filling in the fridge for up to 3 days.Form the PiesWork with one roti at a time, keeping it between the plastic squares it comes in (roti is very sticky) and keeping the others in the fridge as you form each pie. Put a roti on a work surface. Use your palm to stretch roti slightly, starting in the center and applying gentle pressure as you move toward the edges.Peel off top layer of plastic. Stir filling, then add 3 Tbsp–¼ cup (depending on diameter of roti) of filling to the center of the roti. Holding two corners of the remaining plastic square, fold roti over filling to form a semicircle, gently forcing air out but keeping filling in. Firmly press rounded edge of roti to create a seal, then crimp with a fork. Use a sharp knife to make three slashes on the top (so it doesn’t burst), cutting through roti layer and leaving ½" or so between slashes. Sprinkle some sugar (about 1 tsp) on top, then fold plastic over and use your hands to gently press so sugar adheres. Do the same on the other side of the pie.Repeat with remaining roti and filling. Chill pies in the fridge for at least 30 minutes before frying.Do Ahead: You can keep the pies covered in the fridge for up to 12 hours, or freeze them—first uncovered on a plate, then in bags with parchment paper in between the pies—for up to 3 months.Fry the PiesPreheat oven to 200°F and set a rack over a baking sheet. Pour enough oil into a large pot to reach a depth of about 3". Set pot over medium-high heat and bring oil to 350°F (use a deep-fry thermometer). Fry pies 4 or so at a time, carefully turning them over halfway through if they float to the surface, until golden brown and crispy, 3–4 minutes per batch. (If you're frying frozen pies, they'll take about 6 minutes.)Transfer them to rack and keep them warm in oven. Let oil come back to 350°F between batches. Let them cool slightly before you eat. "\t"True Vanilla Ice Cream Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients Makes about 3 1/2 cups Servings1 cup whole milk1/4 cup sugarPinch of kosher salt1/2 vanilla bean, split lengthwise, or 1 tsp vanilla extract5 large egg yolks1/4 cup sugar1 1/2 cups heavy cream|  Preparation InstructionsCombine cream, milk, sugar, and salt in a medium saucepan. Scrape in seeds from vanilla bean; add pod or add vanilla extract. Bring mixture just to a simmer, stirring to dissolve sugar. Remove from heat. If using vanilla bean, cover; let sit 30 minutes.Whisk egg yolks and sugar in a medium bowl until pale, about 2 minutes. Gradually whisk in ½ cup warm cream mixture. Whisk yolk mixture into remaining cream mixture. Cook mixture over medium heat, stirring constantly, until thick enough to coat a wooden spoon, 2–3 minutes.Strain custard into a medium bowl set over a bowl of ice water; let cool, stirring occasionally. Process custard in an ice cream maker according to manufacturer’s instructions. Transfer to an airtight container; cover. Freeze until firm, at least 4 hours and up to 1 week.Cherry-Bourbon Ice CreamMAKES ABOUT 4 CUPSCook 1 1/2 cups halved pitted cherries, 2 tablespoons sugar, and 1 tablespoon water in a small saucepan over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until syrupy, 8–10 minutes. Remove from heat and stir in 1 tablespoon bourbon; let cool. Process custard and fold in cherry mixture just before transferring to freezer.Chocolate-Malt Ice CreamMAKES ABOUT 4 CUPSStrain hot custard over 6 ounces chopped bittersweet chocolate in a medium bowl; let stand 5 minutes, then whisk to combine. Let cool over a bowl of ice water. Process custard, adding in 1 cup chopped malted milk balls at the end.Coffee StracciatellaMAKES ABOUT 4 CUPSMix 2 teaspoons instant espresso powder into strained, hot custard until dissolved; cool over ice bath. Once custard is frozen to desired consistency in ice cream maker, gradually pour in 3 ounces melted bittersweet chocolate; process until ice cream is flecked with chocolate, 2 minutes longer.PistachioMAKES ABOUT 4 CUPSOnce custard is frozen to desired consistency in ice cream maker, add 1 cup chopped unsalted raw pistachios; process just until combined. "\t"BA's Best Hot Chocolate Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients 4 Servings3 tablespoons cocoa powder (preferably Dutch-processed), plus more for serving3 cups whole milk6 ounces semisweet chocolate (preferably Scharffen Berger), finely chopped3 tablespoons demerara or granulated sugarLightly sweetened whipped cream (for serving)|  Preparation Bring ¾ cup water to a simmer in a medium saucepan over medium-high heat. Whisk in 3 Tbsp cocoa powder until no lumps remain, then add milk and return to a simmer. Whisk in chocolate and sugar and cook, whisking frequently, until mixture is smooth and creamy and chocolate is melted, about 5 minutes.Divide hot chocolate among mugs. Top with whipped cream and dust with cocoa powder. 