Moussaka Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients8 servingsEggplant and Lamb8 garlic cloves, finely grated, divided½ cup plus 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil2 tablespoons chopped mint, divided2 tablespoons chopped oregano, divided3 medium eggplants (about 3½ pounds total), sliced crosswise into ½-inch-thick rounds2½ teaspoons kosher salt, plus more½ teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus more2 pounds ground lamb2 medium onions, chopped1 3-inch cinnamon stick2 Fresno chiles, finely chopped1 tablespoon paprika1 tablespoon tomato paste¾ cup dry white wine1 28-ounce can whole peeled tomatoesBéchamel and Assembly6 tablespoons unsalted butter½ cup all-purpose flour2½ cups whole milk, warmed¾ teaspoon kosher salt4 ounces farmer cheese, crumbled (about 1 cup)2 ounces Pecorino or Parmesan, finely grated (about 1¾ cups), divided3 large egg yolks, beaten to blend| PreparationEggplant and LambPlace a rack in middle of oven; preheat to 475°. Whisk half of the garlic, ½ cup oil, 1 Tbsp. mint, and 1 Tbsp. oregano in a small bowl. Brush both sides of eggplant rounds with herb oil, making sure to get all the herbs and garlic onto eggplant; season with salt and pepper. Transfer eggplant to a rimmed baking sheet (it’s okay to pile the rounds on top of each other) and roast until tender and browned, 35–45 minutes. Reduce oven temperature to 400°.Meanwhile, heat remaining 2 Tbsp. oil in a large wide pot over high. Cook lamb, breaking up with a spoon, until browned on all sides and cooked through and liquid from meat is evaporated (there will be a lot of rendered fat), 12–16 minutes. Strain fat through a fine-mesh sieve into a clean small bowl and transfer lamb to a medium bowl. Reserve 3 Tbsp. lamb fat; discard remaining fat.Heat 2 Tbsp. lamb fat in same pot over medium-high (reserve remaining 1 Tbsp. lamb fat for assembling the moussaka). Add onion, cinnamon, 2½ tsp. salt, and ½ tsp. pepper and cook, stirring occasionally, until onion is tender and translucent, 8–10 minutes. Add chiles and remaining garlic and cook, scraping up any browned bits from the bottom of the pot, until onion is golden brown, about 5 minutes. Add paprika and tomato paste and cook until brick red in color, about 1 minute. Add wine and cook, stirring occasionally, until slightly reduced and no longer smells of alcohol, about 3 minutes. Add tomatoes and break up with a wooden spoon into small pieces (the seeds will shoot out at you if you’re too aggressive, so start slowly—puncture the tomato, then get your smash and break on!). Add lamb and remaining 1 Tbsp. mint and 1 Tbsp. oregano and cook, stirring occasionally, until most of the liquid is evaporated and mixture looks like a thick meat sauce, 5–7 minutes. Pluck out and discard cinnamon stick.Béchamel and AssemblyHeat butter in a medium saucepan over medium until foaming. Add flour and cook, whisking constantly, until combined, about 1 minute. Whisk in warm milk and bring sauce to a boil. Cook béchamel, whisking often, until very thick (it should have the consistency of pudding), about 5 minutes; stir in salt. Remove from heat and whisk in farmer cheese and half of the Pecorino. Let sit 10 minutes for cheese to melt, then add egg yolks and vigorously whisk until combined and béchamel is golden yellow.Brush a 13x9" baking pan with remaining 1 Tbsp. lamb fat. Layer half of eggplant in pan, covering the bottom entirely. Spread half of lamb mixture over eggplant in an even layer. Repeat with remaining eggplant and lamb to make another layer of each. Top with béchamel and smooth surface; sprinkle with remaining Pecorino.Bake moussaka until bubbling vigorously and béchamel is browned in spots, 30–45 minutes. Let cool 30 minutes before serving.Do Ahead: Moussaka can be baked 1 day ahead. Let cool, then cover and chill, or freeze up to 3 months. Thaw before reheating in a 250° oven until warmed through, about 1 hour. "\t"Cassoulet Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients12 servingsDuck Confit6 duck legs6 tablespoons Diamond Crystal or 3 tablespoons plus 2½ teaspoons Morton kosher salt4 sprigs thyme4 garlic cloves, smashed2 teaspoons black peppercorns1 teaspoon juniper berries (optional)Beans2 whole cloves1 large onion, peeled, halved through root end1½ pounds dried Tarbais, corona, or cannellini beans, soaked overnight, drained8 ounces pancetta, in one thick piece2 carrots, scrubbed, halved crosswise1 head of garlic, halved crosswise4 sprigs thyme1 bay leafKosher salt, freshly ground pepperPork Ragù1½ pounds skinless, boneless pork shoulder, cut into 1-inch pieces1½ teaspoons Diamond Crystal or 1 teaspoon Morton kosher salt, plus moreFreshly ground black pepper2 tablespoons vegetable oil1 large onion, peeled, chopped1 large carrot, peeled, chopped4 garlic cloves, finely chopped4 sprigs thyme1 bay leaf1 14.5-ounce can crushed tomatoes6 cups chicken stock or low-sodium chicken brothAssemblyKosher salt, freshly ground pepper1 pound fresh pork sausage, such as Toulouse, sweet Italian, or unsmoked kielbasa3 cups medium-fine fresh breadcrumbs, divided¼ cup finely chopped parsley1 garlic clove, halved1 pound precooked garlic sausage, sliced crosswise ¼ inch thick (optional)| PreparationDuck ConfitCure Legs (At Least 2 Days Ahead)Prick skin of duck legs all over with the tip of a paring knife. Rub legs all over with salt, making sure to massage into flesh and skin.Place legs in a large bowl and cover with plastic wrap, pressing directly onto legs. Rest a plate on top of legs and weight with several 28-oz. cans. Chill at least 12 hours and up to 24 hours.Note: If you are going to cook the ragù and beans and assemble the cassoulet tomorrow, soak the beans tonight.Confit Legs (At Least 1 Day Ahead)Preheat oven to 250°. Evenly scatter thyme, garlic, peppercorns, and juniper berries (if using) across a roasting pan and add 2 Tbsp. water.Unpack duck legs and remove from bowl. Rinse off salt and arrange skin side down over aromatics in roasting pan. Cover pan tightly with foil and weight legs with a cast-iron skillet or a heavy baking dish. Cook until fat cooks out of duck and legs are submerged, about 2 hours.Remove from oven and remove skillet and foil. Turn legs skin side up and nestle back into fat. Recover pan with foil and continue to cook legs, unweighted, until duck meat is very tender and bones wiggle easily in joints, 2–2½ hours longer.Let legs cool in fat until you can handle them, then transfer with tongs or a spider to a plate; set aside. Strain ¼ cup fat through a fine-mesh sieve into a small bowl and set aside; strain and reserve remaining fat for another use. Remove skin from duck legs, trying to keep whole pieces intact if possible; transfer skin to a small bowl or other container. Cover and chill. Pull duck meat from bones, breaking into 2" pieces; discard bones and cartilage. Place meat in a medium bowl or other container; cover and chill. You won’t need the skin or meat until you’re ready to assemble the cassoulet.Do Ahead: Duck legs can be confited 3 weeks ahead. Transfer legs to a large nonreactive vessel. Strain fat through a fine-mesh sieve over meat. Cover and chill. Let come to room temperature before using. Meat and skin can be prepared 3 days ahead; keep chilled.BeansCook Beans (At Least 1 Day Ahead)Stick a clove into each onion half. Place in a large pot along with beans, pancetta, carrots, garlic, thyme, and bay leaf; pour in cold water to cover beans by 2". Season with several grinds of pepper and bring to a gentle simmer. Partially cover and cook, skimming occasionally and adding more water as needed to keep beans submerged and seasoning with a couple of pinches of salt after about 30 minutes, until beans are tender but still intact, 45–60 minutes for cannellini and 1–1½ hours for Tarbais and corona. Remove from heat; pluck out and discard onion, carrots, garlic, thyme, and bay leaf. Remove pancetta; let cool slightly, then cut into 1x¼" strips. Add back to pot and let cool.Pork RagùCook Ragù (At Least 1 Day Ahead)Meanwhile, sprinkle pork shoulder with 1½ tsp. Diamond Crystal or 1 tsp. Morton kosher salt and several grinds of pepper. Heat oil in a large Dutch oven over medium-high. Working in 2 batches, cook pork, turning once, until browned all over, 10–12 minutes per batch; transfer to a plate as you go.Reduce heat to medium and place onion, carrot, and garlic in same skillet; season with salt and pepper. Cook, stirring occasionally, until lightly browned, 8–10 minutes. Return pork shoulder back to pot and add thyme, bay leaf, tomatoes, and stock. Bring to a boil. Reduce heat, partially cover pot, and simmer gently, skimming fat occasionally, until meat is fork-tender, 1¾–2 hours. Pluck out and discard thyme and bay leaf. Let ragù cool slightly.Combine Beans and Ragù (At Least 1 Day Ahead)Using a slotted spoon, transfer bean mixture to pot with ragù. Add cooking liquid from beans to cover; reserve remaining bean cooking liquid. Let ragù mixture cool completely; cover and chill at least 12 hours.Do Ahead: Ragù and beans can be combined 2 days ahead. Keep chilled.AssemblyTemper and Season Ragù MixtureRemove ragù mixture from refrigerator and skim fat from surface; discard. Cover and bring to a gentle simmer over medium-low heat. Taste and season conservatively with salt and pepper if needed (the duck will add considerable saltiness when mixed in).Prepare Sausage and BreadcrumbsRemove reserved duck meat and skin from refrigerator and let meat sit until room temperature.Arrange skin in a single layer in an 8-qt. Dutch oven or other heavy pot (the same one you’ll cook the cassoulet in). Cook over low heat, turning occasionally, until golden brown and crisp, 20–30 minutes. Transfer to paper towels and blot away excess oil; set aside.Prick pork sausages all over and cook in same pot, turning occasionally, until browned all over and cooked through, 12–15 minutes. Transfer to a plate and let cool slightly. Cut sausages into 2" pieces and set aside.Add breadcrumbs to pot and cook, stirring often, until golden in spots and starting to crisp, about 5 minutes. If breadcrumbs seem very dry or are sticking, add 1–2 Tbsp. reserved duck fat. Transfer breadcrumbs to a large bowl and let cool slightly. Toss with parsley and set aside. Wipe out pot and let cool.Layer CassouletRub inside of Dutch oven with cut sides of garlic; ladle in one-third of ragù mixture. Top with half of pork sausage, garlic sausage, and duck meat, then another third of ragù mixture. Top with remaining duck meat and sausages, then remaining ragù mixture. Liquid should come to top of beans. Add reserved bean cooking liquid if needed.Do Ahead: Cassoulet can be assembled 1 day ahead; cover and chill. Bring to room temperature before proceeding. Store breadcrumbs and duck skin separately, airtight at room temperature.Bake CassouletPreheat oven to 375°. Scatter two-thirds of breadcrumb mixture over cassoulet. Bake, uncovered, until a golden crust forms, 25–30 minutes. Remove from oven and use a spoon to break up crust, pressing very gently so crust absorbs a little liquid; smooth surface. Bake until another crust forms, 25–30 minutes; break up again. Repeat process 2 more times (for a total of 4 times). If mixture starts to look dry, moisten with a bit of reserved bean cooking liquid when breaking up the crust.Top cassoulet with remaining breadcrumb mixture; bake until golden brown, 15–20 minutes. Let cassoulet rest at least25 minutes before serving.Divide cassoulet among bowls and crumble crispy duck skin over top. "\t"Crepe Cake with Whipped Cream Recipe | Bon Appetit|Ingredients16 servingsCustard4½ cups whole milk2½ cups heavy cream5 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into piecesZest of 1 medium orange¾ teaspoon ground cardamom¼ teaspoon kosher salt1 vanilla bean, split lengthwise10 large egg yolks1 cup granulated sugar¼ cup cornstarchCrepes and Assembly4 large eggs, room temperature4 cups whole milk⅔ cup granulated sugar1 teaspoon vanilla extract2⅓ cups all-purpose flour½ teaspoon kosher salt, plus more4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, divided1½ cups heavy whipping cream3 tablespoons powdered sugar2 teaspoons orange sanding sugar (optional)| PreparationCustardCombine milk, cream, butter, orange zest, cardamom, and salt in a large saucepan. Scrape in seeds from vanilla bean and add pod. Bring to a simmer over medium heat, stirring occasionally, and cook until butter is melted and mixture is warm.Meanwhile, whisk egg yolks and granulated sugar in a medium bowl until light and very pale, about 3 minutes. Add cornstarch and whisk until no dry spots remain. Whisking constantly, gradually add warm milk mixture. Pour mixture back into saucepan and cook over medium-high heat, whisking constantly, until custard is thick and pudding-like in consistency and just beginning to boil, 5–7 minutes.Strain custard through a fine-mesh sieve into a clean medium bowl, using a heatproof rubber spatula to help press it through; discard solids. Cover with plastic wrap, pressing directly onto surface, and chill until cold, at least 2 hours.Do Ahead: Custard can be made 2 days ahead. Keep chilled.Crepes and AssemblyBlend eggs, milk, granulated sugar, and vanilla in a blender until smooth and frothy. Add flour and ½ tsp. salt and blend just to combine. Transfer to a large measuring cup, cover, and chill at least 1 hour.Heat a large nonstick skillet over medium, then brush lightly with some butter. Whisk batter to reincorporate and ladle ¼-cupful into skillet. Working quickly, swirl pan to evenly coat and cook crepe, reducing heat if browning too quickly, until bubbles form on surface and edges are light golden, about 2 minutes. Slide a spatula underneath to loosen and carefully flip. Cook on other side until a few brown spots appear, 15–30 seconds; transfer to a flat plate. Repeat with remaining butter and batter, stacking crepes on plate as you go (you should have 25 total). Let crepes cool.Place 1 crepe in the center of a flat plate or cake platter. Dollop a scant ⅓ cup custard over. Using a small offset spatula, carefully spread custard across entire surface of crepe. Repeat process with remaining custard and all but 1 crepe. Place remaining crepe on top, then lightly cover cake with plastic. Chill 2 hours.Using an electric mixer on medium-high speed, beat cream, powdered sugar, and a pinch of salt in a medium bowl until medium peaks form. Pile whipped cream on top of crepe cake, making decorative swooshes with a spoon. Sprinkle with sanding sugar, if desired.Do Ahead: Batter can be made 2 days ahead; keep chilled. Crepes can be cooked 1 day ahead; cover and chill. Cake (without whipped cream and sanding sugar) can be assembled 1 day ahead; keep chilled. Top with whipped cream and sanding sugar, if using, just before serving. "\t"